 With the recent criminal indictment of 12 Russian intelligence agents, the special counsel's office made clear it has a treasure trove of information for its investigation into Russia's interference in the 2016 presidential election. What's less obvious is how long Robert Mueller will continue his work. The indictment could be the high point for his team. Or it could be simply the crest of one of several coming waves.  Donald Trump's legal team and close allies are increasingly concerned that the President's widely panned performance standing next to Russian President Vladimir Putin earlier this week could strengthen the hand of special counsel Robert Mueller at a critical time. The caution is a notable change in tone from just before the summit, when the President's team seemed bolstered by a political climate that married declining public support for Mueller's probe with an inspector general report that raised significant questions about the conduct of the FBI. But one source with knowledge of legal team thinking says it's now legitimate to fear that Trump's erratic behavior at the Helsinki summit, coupled with last week's indictments of 12 Russian intelligence officers, could be an inflection point in the whole process -- one that could potentially make Trump less sympathetic and conceivably embolden Mueller. While Trump supporters remain with him, (he enjoys a 90% approval rating among Republicans, Gallup found earlier this month) sources with knowledge say that even Trump's own attorneys were dispirited by the President's performance, noting that he seemed to wilt in the face of Putin. "The summary letter the Department sent to Congress and released to the public late in the afternoon of March 24 did not fully capture the context, nature, and substance of this office's work and conclusions", Mueller said in his letter to Barr. "There is now public confusion about critical aspects of the results of our investigation. This threatens to undermine a central purpose for which the Department appointed the Special Counsel: to assure full public confidence in the outcome of the investigations".