 Education Secretary Betsy DeVos originally opposed a draft of the Trump administration's plan for withdrawing guidance protecting transgender children in public schools, sources told CNN Wednesday. Despite DeVos' opposition, the Trump administration issued guidance as expected that revoked protections outlined in 2016 by former President Barack Obama. Trump administration withdraws federal protections for transgender students When the new guidance was issued Wednesday night, DeVos was publicly on board, though she added in a statement: "We have a responsibility to protect every student in America and ensure that they have the freedom to learn and thrive in a safe and trusted environment. This is not merely a federal mandate, but a moral obligation no individual, school, district or state can abdicate.  The crowd at the annual Conservative Political Action Conference in Washington erupted in applause Friday when Matt Schlapp, the organizer of the event, congratulated top White House staff on President Donald Trump's decision to roll back protections for transgender students in public schools. "He's even leaving bathrooms alone," Schlapp told attendees. "That's kind of a nice, refreshing thing for a lot of people as well." Last May, after North Carolina passed a controversial bill that requires transgender people in government buildings to use bathrooms corresponding to the sex identified on their birth certificates, the  Obama administration issued guidance requiring public schools to allow transgender students to use the bathroom that corresponds to their gender identity.  There has been some uncertainty as to how President Donald Trump would treat the rights of members of the lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer community. For example, during the Republican National Convention, President Trump became the first Republican presidential nominee to mention the LGBTQ community. Of course, he did so in a very narrow context -- protecting LGBTQ persons from terrorism by radical Islamists. The President noted that Caitlyn Jenner was welcome to use the bathroom of her choice in Trump Towers.