 John Clune, the attorney for the woman accusing Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh of exposing himself to her when they were in college, said only Democrats showed up for a phone call they had scheduled with Senate Judiciary Committee staff earlier Tuesday Clune also said in an interview Tuesday on CNN's "Anderson Cooper 360" that Republicans seem to be "game-playing" and changing the rules for their communications. Clune represents Deborah Ramirez, 53, who attended Yale with Kavanaugh and told Ronan Farrow and Jane Mayer of The New Yorker that she remembers Kavanaugh exposing himself to her at a dormitory party. Kavanaugh denies the allegation. Clune told Anderson Cooper that his team has had a number of email communications with the committee, "but the difficulty is every time we try to set up a phone call, the majority party either changes the rules of the phone call or they want additional information as a condition of even having a phone call with us."  Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh says he's "not going anywhere" despite the allegation of sexual assault from more than three decades ago that continues to threaten his confirmation. "We're looking for a fair process where I can be heard and defend ... my integrity, my life long record ... of promoting dignity and equality for women, starting with the women who knew me when I was 14 years old," Kavanaugh said in an interview alongside his wife, Ashley Kavanaugh, with Fox News' Martha MacCallum just days before both he and his accuser will answer questions about the alleged incident at a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing. Kavanaugh said President Donald Trump called him Monday to tell him he was sticking by him. "I know he's gonna stand by me," Kavanaugh said.  Sen. Amy Klobuchar said on Sunday that she was "really stunned" by how Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh acted when he testified last week at a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing about sexual assault allegations against him. "I was really stunned by how he acted at that hearing. This is basically a job interview for the highest court of the land," Klobuchar told CNN "State of the Union" anchor Jake Tapper. At last week's hearing, the Minnesota Democrat and member of the committee, engaged in a tense exchange with Kavanaugh about his drinking habits, including if he had ever drunk so much he "didn't remember what happened the night before or part of what happened."