 The Trump administration will now brief a bipartisan group of lawmakers in addition to two key House Republicans on a confidential intelligence source in the Russia investigation, after initially scheduling a briefing only for the pair of GOP congressmen. The Justice Department announced Wednesday evening that it will hold back-to-back meetings on Thursday, one for House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes and Oversight Chairman Trey Gowdy and another immediately after for the bipartisan "Gang of Eight" and Gowdy. At the last minute, the top Democrat on the Intelligence committee, Rep. Adam Schiff of California, was invited to the noon briefing with Nunes and Gowdy, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi told reporters, a briefing for which no Democrats had been previously invited. Schiff will attend both briefings.  The top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee is pointing to a recent agreement between Justice Department officials and the White House to investigate the use of a confidential source sent to speak with Trump campaign aides as an attack on the department's independence. "We're seeing an erosion of the independence of the Justice Department," California Rep. Adam Schiff told CNN's Suzanne Malveaux Tuesday morning on Capitol Hill. "That is gravely concerning." After a meeting at the White House Monday, top officials at the Justice Department, the FBI and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence agreed to share highly classified information with lawmakers related to the Russia investigation amid an escalating controversy over the bureau's use of a confidential intelligence source during the 2016 presidential campaign.  House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes said Sunday that he won't meet with the Justice Department until he is handed documents related to a confidential FBI source who spoke with Trump campaign aides in 2016 about Russian interference in the election. Nunes also pointed to Friday reports that the FBI's confidential source spoke with at least two advisers to President Donald Trump's presidential campaign about its possible ties to Russia as a reason for his position, accusing someone within the department of leaking the information after he and South Carolina Republican Rep. Trey Gowdy didn't take Justice officials up on their most recent offer to answer the lawmakers' questions in a briefing. Earlier this month, Nunes threatened to hold Justice Department officials in contempt of Congress if they don't release documents related to the source that he has subpoenaed. To quell rising tensions, officials briefed Nunes and South Carolina Republican Rep. Gowdy a couple of weeks ago in a meeting the lawmakers later called "productive."