 On Wednesday, two Ukrainian men -- Lev Parnas and Igor Fruman -- were arrested at Dulles International Airport as they tried to board an international flight. Earlier that day, the two, according to The Wall Street Journal, had lunch with Rudy Giuliani. Yes, the same Rudy Giuliani who is President Donald Trump's personal lawyer and preferred television surrogate. And the same Parnas and Fruman who had been helping Giuliani look into debunked allegations regarding the actions of Joe Biden and his son, Hunter, in Ukraine.  Rudy Giuliani lunched with two associates at the Trump International Hotel in Washington on Wednesday just hours before the duo was arrested at a Washington-area airport, according to the Wall Street Journal. Lev Parnas and Igor Fruman are business associates of Giuliani who had been working with the former New York mayor on his efforts to dig up dirt in Ukraine on former Vice President Joe Biden. A person who saw the trio eating at the Trump hotel spoke to the Journal for the story. Parnas and Fruman were arrested at Dulles International Airport in northern Virginia on Wednesday and on Thursday were indicted for allegedly funneling foreign money into US elections.  Rudy Giuliani was planning to fly to Vienna, Austria, Thursday night, the same city where his two associates were headed to before they were arrested the night before, according to interviews he gave to The Atlantic and The Wall Street Journal. Giuliani, President Donald Trump's personal attorney, shared his travel plans with Elaina Plott of The Atlantic the day before an indictment unsealed on Thursday revealing that two of his associates, Igor Fruman and Lev Parnas, were detained at Dulles International Airport on Wednesday evening. The men -- both central to the impeachment inquiry in the House -- were arrested and indicted on criminal charges for allegedly funneling foreign money into US elections. Fruman and Parnas were booked on a flight to Frankfurt, Germany, to connect to another flight, according to a law enforcement source.