 Donald Trump is launching a kamikaze mission -- fracturing his own party four weeks before Election Day. The GOP nominee is lashing out in a stream of tweets boiling with rage and resentment, slamming House Speaker Paul Ryan for effectively cutting him loose and accusing the party leadership of dooming his campaign. It's a meltdown unprecedented by a presidential nominee this late in the year. "It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to," Trump said in a tweet that raised the prospect of a full on civil war in the Republican Party.  Prominent Utah Republican politicians and a newspaper owned by the Mormon Church are taking the lead this weekend denouncing Donald Trump, raising the prospect of a GOP presidential race loss for the first time in more than a half-century. The Deseret News, which has not issued a presidential endorsement in 80 years, on Saturday called on Trump to leave the race, after a 2005 video emerged of him making lewd and sexually aggressive remarks. "The idea that women secretly welcome the unbridled and aggressive sexual advances of powerful men has led to the mistreatment, sorrow and subjugation of countless women for far too much of human history," the editorial board wrote. "What oozes from this audio is evil.  Donald Trump cast himself in almost messianic terms Thursday in Florida, describing the presidential race as "a struggle for the survival of our nation" and vowing to win the White House despite all the "slings and arrows" being hurled in his direction. But 25 days before the election, Trump's path to the 270 electoral votes needed to capture the presidency is looking more and more impossible by the day, as states he once said he'd flip from blue to red increasingly slip out of his reach. Meanwhile, reliably red states threaten to turn purple. Trump's odds of a win were spiraling downward days before the 2005 "Access Hollywood" recording that surfaced last week and depicted him bragging about his ability to grope women as a perk of his celebrity.