Mr. Treeger (Michael G. Hagerty): the superintendent of Monica's building. Treeger first appears in "The One Where Heckles Dies", where he shows Heckles's lawyer where Monica and Rachel live. He next appears in "The One with Phoebe's Dad", where Monica thinks he is playing hardball by not mending her broken radiator, and Treeger is left bewildered as Ross, Monica and Rachel repeatedly attempt to convince him to have it fixed despite his attempts to explain that he will not be able to replace the knob Ross accidentally broke off because the shop does not open until the following Tuesday. Later, when Joey rebuffs him for putting down Rachel, he threatens to have Monica and Rachel evicted unless Joey helps him practice ballroom dancing to impress a woman (as Monica is illegally subletting the apartment which actually belongs to her late grandmother, to Treeger's irritation). The seventh season mainly follows Monica and Chandler, who begin to plan their wedding and run into various problems. Joey's television series Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E is canceled, but he is offered his job back on Days of Our Lives; the show is retconned with the revelation that Dr. Drake Ramoray's "death" merely landed him in a four-year-long coma; and the character is revived by getting another character's brain in a transplant. Phoebe's apartment is rebuilt, but it now has only one large bedroom instead of the original two, so Rachel decides to stay with Joey. Rachel receives a promotion at Ralph Lauren and impulsively hires an assistant, Tag Jones (Eddie Cahill), based on his looks, despite his being under-qualified. The series received mixed reviews. Bloody Disgusting gave the series one-and-a-half skulls, declaring the "CG effects are so Syfy-level bad that they wouldn’t have even passed muster back in the ’90s" and the episodes "absolutely loaded with that bargain basement effects work" and "lowbrow humor". JoBlo gave the series a 6 out of 10, stating "there's going to be a split reaction to A New Binge. I don't think the story crafted by Rubin and his co-writers Al Kaplan and Jon Kaplan is one that anybody was expecting to see told in this franchise."