 Sen. Cory Booker announced Monday that he will end his campaign after failing to qualify for the Democratic debate planned for Tuesday in Iowa. "It was a difficult decision to make, but I got in this race to win, and I've always said I wouldn't continue if there was no longer a path to victory," Booker said in an email to supporters Monday. The New Jersey Democrat's announcement came a day before six presidential candidates will participate in the CNN/Des Moines Register's debate in Des Moines, Iowa. He did not qualify for the event.  Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and President Donald Trump met Wednesday at the White House and discussed the upcoming Senate impeachment trial, according to multiple sources familiar with the matter. McConnell, one of the sources said, walked Trump through the trial format and discussed how Senate Republicans were reacting to the developments around the trial. McConnell was at the White House to introduce Trump to a judge, and later the Senate leader and the President met privately. The senator from Kentucky has not shared with the White House the text of the resolution that would set up the trial, according to one of the sources, who insists there's no negotiation with the GOP leader's office on how the language should be drafted.  Cory Booker, the last high-profile black candidate running for president, announced the end of his campaign Monday, on the eve of another Democratic debate for which he had failed to qualify. The New Jersey senator's absence from the debate stage and in the pivotal early Democratic contests in Iowa and New Hampshire casts a strobe light on the inequality that pervades the Democratic primary system. As it stands, the Democratic primary system disproportionately favors candidates able to appeal to overwhelming white electoral bastions in the Midwest and New England, a counterintuitive strategy considering the centrality of people of color to the party's electoral base. Booker, to his credit, ran a passionately optimistic campaign, one that largely avoided demonizing opponents and instead appealed to voters by calling for a return to a higher sense of national purpose.