Additionally, Article 7, Section 11 of the 1876 Constitution established the Permanent University Fund, a sovereign wealth fund managed by the Board of Regents of the University of Texas and dedicated for the maintenance of the university. Because some state legislators perceived an extravagance in the construction of academic buildings of other universities, Article 7, Section 14 of the Constitution expressly prohibited the legislature from using the state's general revenue to fund construction of university buildings. Funds for constructing university buildings had to come from the university's endowment or from private gifts to the university, but the university's operating expenses could come from the state's general revenues.  The American Hispanic population is dispersing across the country, but is still anchored mainly in three states, according to a new study released Thursday. More than half the U.S. Hispanic population resides in three states: California, Texas and Florida, according to the Pew Research Center's Hispanic Trends Project. California is home to the largest Hispanic population -- one in four U.S. Hispanics are also Californians. Those three states, plus New York, Illinois, Arizona, New Jersey and Colorado, contain three-quarters of the nation's Latino population, according to Pew's analysis of U.S. Census Bureau data. Texas's secession from the Union and the American Civil War delayed repayment of the borrowed monies. At the end of the Civil War in 1865, The University of Texas's endowment was just over $16,000 in warrants and nothing substantive had been done to organize the university's operations. This effort to establish a University was again mandated by Article 7, Section 10 of the Texas Constitution of 1876 which directed the legislature to "establish, organize and provide for the maintenance, support and direction of a university of the first class, to be located by a vote of the people of this State, and styled "The University of Texas."