Literary commentators believed his chances were boosted by his high-profile; it stood to reason that if any poet, especially an American one, were to receive a Nobel in a given year, he would have been one of the most likely choices. In 2008, David Orr wrote in The New York Times that, among American poets, only Ashbery and Adrienne Rich enjoyed "international reputations conceivably large enough to interest Nobel jurors" at that time. The same year, the Swedish scholar Kerstin Lundberg  commented that it had been a long time since a Nobel had gone to a poet—the last had been Heaney in 1995—and named Ashbery, Syrian poet Adunis, and the Australian poet Les Murray as probable winners for poetry. Ashbery had acquired a reputation as a prolific prize-winner by the early 1990s. According to James F. English's book The Economy of Prestige, by 2004 he had become the most award-winning poet in the world. English counted 45 awards for Ashbery, followed by Irish poet Seamus Heaney at 30 awards and fellow American poet Adrienne Rich at 25 awards. David Lehman observed that Ashbery also held a lead over the novelist John Updike, with 39 awards, and therefore Ashbery was likely the most-honored of any living American writer—at least in terms of sheer quantity of awards. On the other hand, his chances were likely dampened by his avant-garde style, which diverged from the universalism favored by the Nobel Committee. Ange Mlinko commented that "very year that the Nobel committee passes over poet John Ashbery for a socially responsible novelist, it proves that the prize for literature is just an arm of the Peace Prize, rather than–like the Nobels for physics or chemistry–a prize for radical discovery in the field." According to Charles North, Ashbery was hindered because, "unlike most of those who have won the prize," he was "not perceived as engagé"—that is, he was not perceived to be seriously engaged as a writer with any pressing moral or political cause. Nevertheless, North wrote, there was "no writer whose poems are more engaged with what it means to be human."