 Rand Paul kicks off his Texas swing this weekend with a top endorsement and a key addition to his political operation, announcing that Texas GOP Chairman Steve Munisteri will become an adviser to Paul's team. As campaigns start taking shape ahead of the 2016 Republican presidential race, Paul's alliance with Munisteri is notable given the throng of other potential contenders with ties to Texas, a state rich in campaign cash. READ: How Republicans wised up about 2016 Munisteri will resign his role with the state party on Friday to join Team Rand, he said in a statement issued on Thursday. The Wall Street Journal first reported the story on Thursday evening. In 2016, both the Democratic and Republican conventions were held before the Summer Olympics instead of after, as was the case in 2008 and 2012. One reason the Republican Party scheduled their convention in July was to help avoid a longer, drawn-out primary battle similar to what happened in 2012, which left the party fractured heading into the general election and eventually led to Mitt Romney losing the election to Barack Obama. The Democratic Party then followed suit, scheduling their convention in Philadelphia the week after the Republicans' convention, to provide a quicker response. On May 3, Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus declared Donald Trump the presumptive nominee after Texas senator Ted Cruz dropped out of the race.  The Republican National Committee's top communications strategist will remain with the organization through 2016, providing a sense of continuity on messaging heading into the contested race for the GOP presidential nomination. RNC Chairman Reince Priebus will announce on Monday that Sean Spicer has been named chief strategist for the national party -- expanding on his role as communications director. READ: Why Romney bowed out "Under Sean's leadership the RNC communications team has become the gold standard of political communications," Priebus will say in a statement that is expected to be released later in the day. CNN received an advanced copy of the statement.