 A small group of House Democrats from districts won by President Donald Trump met Monday night and discussed a way to avoid the impeachment of the President and censure him instead. They argued that the outcome of an impeachment trial in the Republican-controlled Senate will inevitably lead to an acquittal and that a less severe punishment would increase the chances of building at least some bipartisan support. But the members recognized that censuring Trump was unlikely to galvanize enough Democrats to succeed, according to two sources with knowledge of the meeting. The meeting — on the eve of their party leaders unveiling the articles of impeachment — showed the lengths some House Democrats would be willing to go to avoid the vote expected next week and protect themselves from Republican attacks.  The House Rules Committee on Tuesday approved six hours of debate on the House floor Wednesday on the resolution to impeach President Donald Trump. The Rules panel announced the parameters of the impeachment debate after voting to approve the rule on the impeachment articles along party lines. The six hours of floor time will be divided equally by Democrats and Republicans and will be led by the House Judiciary Committee leaders. The House will also have one hour of debate before taking the procedural vote to approve the rule governing the debate.  It may be a no-brainer for Senate Republicans to keep President Donald Trump in office -- but it's becoming clear that Democrats mean to make them pay a heavy price for saving the President in his impeachment trial early next year. In a sign of the high-stakes politics to come, minority Democrats are not waiting for the House to impeach Trump -- a move expected on Wednesday -- before they open the political battle in the Senate. In an ironic touch, they are echoing the process complaints that House Republicans used to complicate Speaker Nancy Pelosi's strategy. And they complain that GOP plans for a swift Senate trial would subvert justice and fall short of the constitutional duty expected of senators.