 President Donald Trump will make his final pitch on tax reform to the American people Wednesday in a speech that will not "lean in on as many of the specifics as his prior tax reform speeches," according to two senior administration officials who briefed reporters Tuesday. The administration sees this as a higher-altitude speech, saying the President has already addressed specific rate brackets in previous speeches. Joined by about 120 people -- families and military personnel who have been invited -- the President will speak Wednesday afternoon from the Grand Foyer of the White House. Some young people will be among those invited, and the President will dedicate a "very significant portion" of his speech to the next generation that will be affected by tax reform.  Republicans in the House and Senate are closing in on a tax deal that would bring the party one step closer to passing a major piece of legislation by the end of President Donald Trump's first year in office. Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn told reporters Tuesday morning that a tentative agreement on a tax bill could come as soon as Tuesday. "We don't have it right this minute, but we are getting closer. We've ping-ponged a number of offers and counter offers back and forth and are making good progress," Cornyn, who is the second ranking Republican in the Senate, said.  House and Senate Republicans have struck a tentative deal on a tax bill Wednesday, a major step in ensuring the GOP majority is on its way to deliver an overhaul of the US tax system by the holidays. According to two GOP aides, Republicans struck a deal in principle that will meld together the House and Senate tax deals and put the parties on a path to vote as soon as next week. Aides say there are still smaller issues to work out, but Senate Republicans will discuss remaining issues at their conference-wide lunch Wednesday and see how their rank-and-file members react. Lawmakers have been working for more than a week to find a way to combine two very different tax bills.