Netflix's distribution model for original films has led to conflicts with the legacy film industry. Some cinemas have refused to screen films distributed theatrically by Netflix (primarily to ensure awards eligibility), as it defies the standard three-month release window, and releases them simultaneously on its streaming platform (although Roma was instead given a three-week run before being added to the streaming service). Steven Spielberg, governor of the directors branch of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS), has been critical of the streaming model over the "communal", cinema experience, but later clarified his views by arguing that viewers should have access to "great stories", and be able to "find their entertainment in any form or fashion that suits them". In April 2019, AMPAS voted against the possibility of changes to the Academy Awards eligibility criteria to account for streaming services such as Netflix, although AMPAS president John Bailey did state that the organization would "further study the profound changes occurring in our industry".  Netflix wants to change how you watch movies. Steven Spielberg wants to preserve the theatrical experience. Those two points of view are clashing, with Netflix pushing back against a plan that Spielberg reportedly has to create rules that could block the streaming giant from future Oscars contention. "It's the old guard versus the new guard," said Jeff Bock, senior box office analyst at Exhibitor Relations.  Netflix and Amazon are often portrayed as death knells for traditional media companies. They have upended the traditional cable and TV model that has existed for decades by providing programs on demand, over the internet and typically at a lower price point. But the existence of these two tech companies, along with others such as Hulu, YouTube TV and Apple's soon-to-be announced streaming service, is one of the reasons why a three-judge panel from the US Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit approved one of the biggest media mergers in decades -- one that is between two traditional companies, AT&T and Time Warner. The justices said the government failed to prove that the newly-merged company would raise prices or harm competition, but they did acknowledge that new competitors in the media landscape means that incumbents like AT&T would have to up their game.