 Officials in the West Wing expect President Donald Trump will authorize the release of the Democratic memo by Friday unless there is a grave threat to national security, CNN has learned. The 10-page memo landed on the President's desk Monday after the House Intelligence Committee voted unanimously to make it public. Trump has until Friday to decide whether to allow the document to be made public or object to its release. The Democratic memo is expected to directly undercut allegations of FBI and Justice Department abuses leveled in a controversial Republican memo Trump cleared for release last week.  Donald Trump is breaking records! Just not in a good way. More than one in three Trump administration staffers have left the White House in its first year, a pace that far eclipses the rate of departures in the previous five White Houses, according to a study done by Kathryn Dunn Tenpas of the Brookings Institute. The pace of resignations, firings and other assorted departures from the Trump White House is twice what it was in George W. Bush's first year as president and triple that of Barack Obama's first year in office.  The White House declined on Monday to answer key questions about how it handled spousal abuse allegations against a former top aide, including which of President Donald Trump's advisers knew about the violence claims before they were made public. Also left unanswered: whether Trump himself believes the women who have accused former staff secretary Rob Porter of emotionally and physically battering them during their marriages to him. As the controversy stretches into a new week, the unresolved details only furthered the impression of an administration in damage control mode. People inside the West Wing have described a workplace in tumult, with aides and officials openly questioning whether more could have been done earlier to prevent an embarrassing set of missteps last week, including a series of glowing statements about Porter from top presidential advisers.