 Every week, I offer a glimpse of the kind of intelligence assessments that are likely to come across the desk of the President of the United States, modeled on the President's Daily Briefing, or PDB, which the director of national intelligence prepares for the President almost daily. Here's this week's briefing: Whether or not President Donald Trump's national emergency declaration with respect to our southern border is ever implemented, it will impose a great cost on US national security. And, it's worth noting, the national emergency declaration comes shortly after a US government shutdown. The shutdown alone cost the US economy billions of dollars and hamstrung US national security by allowing serious threats to go unanswered for weeks, while hundreds of thousands of federal workers were furloughed or unable to fully perform their roles.  A potential GOP primary challenger to President Donald Trump explained further on Monday why he was stepping in and why he was concerned about Trump's leadership. Referring in an interview with CNN's Alisyn Camerota on "New Day" to Trump's 2017 Oval Office meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and then-Ambassador Sergey Kislyak, former Massachusetts GOP Gov. Bill Weld said, "That showed contempt for the American people if anything I've ever seen does." Weld cited the moment as one that stuck out in his mind as he gears up to mount a long-shot primary bid to challenge Trump for the Republican presidential nomination after announcing an exploratory committee last Friday.  Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren on Tuesday made an unannounced appearance at a lunch on the sidelines of a major Native American conference in Washington. Her remarks came amid continued scrutiny of the Massachusetts senator's past claims to Native ancestry. According to details provided by a campaign aide after Warren's appearance at the National Indian Women Honor Luncheon, she introduced Wampanoag Tribe of Gay Head Aquinnah chairwoman Cheryl Andrews-Maltais, a tribal leader and former senior advisor to the assistant secretary of Indian Affairs during the Obama administration. The senator was introduced by New Mexico Rep. Deb Haaland, one of the first two Native American women elected to Congress last year.