 House Speaker Nancy Pelosi responded to her Democratic critics Friday who say she's not moving fast enough on impeaching President Donald Trump and promised her approach wouldn't be "endless." "No, I'm not trying to run out the clock," Pelosi said at a news conference on Capitol Hill. "Let's get sophisticated about this, OK?" Pelosi repeated her long-standing position that in order to get to impeachment, the party will proceed at a deliberate pace and would only do so with the strongest hand possible.  House Democrats were united in their vote to condemn President Donald Trump's racist tweets this week, but some Democratic lawmakers are quietly expressing concern that far-left progressives have outsized influence in their caucus. Several Democrats -- from across the ideological spectrum -- are growing tired of the repeated headlines involving four progressive congresswomen as the caucus tries to push its agenda. In conversations that took place before the President hosted a rally in North Carolina Wednesday night where the crowds chanted "send her home" in reference to Rep. Ilhan Omar of Minnesota, Democrats said they want to keep the spotlight on the issues that got them elected, not a fight with the President. "The President's words and actions speak for themselves.  The Democratic congressman who unsuccessfully pushed articles of impeachment against President Donald Trump said Thursday he will try again, despite desires from party leadership to move on. "It absolutely is not" the last impeachment attempt Rep. Al Green of Texas plans to make, he told CNN's Kate Bolduan on "At this Hour." On Wednesday, the House easily killed Green's effort to impeach Trump after the Texan was able to force the vote under House rules. The vote amounted to the most direct challenge yet to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, who has resisted progressives' calls to impeach Trump out of concern that such an effort would be dead on arrival in the Republican-controlled Senate and would embolden Trump's 2020 reelection message.