 Attendees of the controversial June 2016 Trump Tower meeting gave conflicting testimony to Capitol Hill investigators about how long White House senior adviser Jared Kushner was in the room, according to transcripts released Wednesday by the Senate Judiciary Committee. Kushner has always maintained that he arrived late and left early to the meeting, which was arranged after Donald Trump Jr. was promised dirt on Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. Also in the room were a group of Russians, some with shadowy ties to the government. Four of the attendees, including Trump Jr. and two of the Russians, backed up Kushner's recollection, according to the transcripts.  Special counsel Robert Mueller's investigators questioned White House senior adviser Jared Kushner about potential Russian collusion, his contacts with foreigners during the transition and obstruction-related issues, including the firing of then-FBI Director James Comey, Kushner's lawyer said Wednesday. Abbe Lowell, who has represented Kushner in the Russia investigation, told CNN's Wolf Blitzer that Kushner answered all the questions that were asked during Kushner's second interview with the Mueller team. Lowell said the topics were "the appropriate topics that Bob Mueller and his team were looking at." He said another topic area that was touched on was whether there had been any "undue influence put on (Trump associates) by outside countries, particularly Russia."  President Donald Trump's son-in-law and senior adviser, Jared Kushner, had his White House security clearance restored Wednesday, a person familiar with the matter said, after months of uncertainty stemming in part from his role in the ongoing investigation by special counsel Robert Mueller. Kushner met with Mueller's investigators a second time in April and answered questions for seven hours, according to his attorney, Abbe Lowell. He had previously sat for an interview last November that was largely focused on former national security adviser Michael Flynn, who soon after pleaded guilty to charges of making false statements to the FBI. These developments come as the Mueller's investigators appear to be trying to complete parts of their inquiry.