In the emails, DNC staffers derided the Sanders campaign. The Washington Post reported: "Many of the most damaging emails suggest the committee was actively trying to undermine Bernie Sanders's presidential campaign. Basically, all of these examples came late in the primary—after Hillary Clinton was clearly headed for victory—but they belie the national party committee's stated neutrality in the race even at that late stage."  House Democrats are signaling they are now on a fast-track in their impeachment proceedings, avoiding court battles that could delay their inquiry and limiting the number of witnesses at public hearings -- all signs that President Donald Trump could be impeached as soon as next month. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has not shared her thinking on the final timeline with her colleagues, and Democratic sources say the timing is still fluid and could continue to evolve. But in a series of moves this week, Democrats have shown they are rapidly moving to complete the proceedings by Christmas, something that could result in Trump being just the third president to be impeached in history. The schedule became apparent in recent days after House Intelligence Chairman Adam Schiff, a California Democrat, announced that public hearings would begin next week and also suggested Thursday there's a limit to the witnesses they would call for the public hearings.  Democratic lawmakers on Wednesday will begin building a formal political process designed to impeach a President -- a momentous task attempted only three times before in nearly two and a half centuries of US history. The Democratic-led House Rules Committee will sit at 3 p.m. ET to consider a resolution on the scope and regulations of an inquiry into whether President Donald Trump misused his authority by seeking political favors from Ukraine. The meeting, ahead of an expected full House vote Thursday, is the first time the Democratic majority will go on the record in their attempt to oust the President -- and is also the first step toward open hearings.