In an episode which deviated from the typical comedic structure of Atlanta, Glover stayed in whiteface throughout the entire filming. The crew referred to Glover as "Teddy" on-set, and Haywood did not know of Glover's true identity, saying that there was "no Donald on set whatsoever". Some outlets compared the titular Teddy Perkins character to Michael Jackson. Atlanta writer Stefani Robinson commented that while it was "undeniable that there are references to Michael Jackson and the idea of someone changing themselves within the industry", she saw the parallels as "more of a symbolic reference to the industry maybe and what you do for greatness, or what one will do to be perceived as great". Worried only about getting his $500 check, Conor shows up at the baseball field to a rag tag bunch of trash-talking, street-wise, inner city kids who live in the projects. Some of the team includes: Andre Ray Peetes (Bryan Hearne), a smart mouthed jokester,  captain of the team who knows about all the players and forms a strong bond with Conor; Kofi Evans (Michael Perkins), a troubled, angry boy who has a rivalry with Andre, a quick temper, but is the best player on the team; Jefferson Albert Tibbs (Julian Griffith), a sweet, overweight, asthmatic player; Jamal (Michael B. Jordan), Andre's best friend and the oldest on the team; Miles Penfield II (A. Delon Ellis, Jr.), the brilliant pitcher who listens to The Notorious B.I.G.’s ‘Big Poppa’ to pitch well; and Jarius "G-Baby" Evans (DeWayne Warren), Kofi's much younger brother who is too young to play so he becomes Conor's assistant. Conor's efforts are hindered from the onset by the fact that he does not have nine kids to make up the team—Jamal’s mother altered his birth certificate to be younger and G-Baby is sad because he is far too young to play. The older kids tell Conor it is because their teacher, Elizabeth "Sister" Wilkes (Diane Lane), is making several boys finish a book report. Director Hiro Murai said that looking into Glover's face when he played the role was "like looking into a doll's face", and called it "uncanny and unsettling". He recalled a "general sense of unease on set because the cast and crew didn't know how to behave around him". Murai and cinematographer Christian Sprenger were influenced by the work of Stanley Kubrick, particularly The Shining, when creating the episode.