In 2016, both the Democratic and Republican conventions were held before the Summer Olympics instead of after, as was the case in 2008 and 2012. One reason the Republican Party scheduled their convention in July was to help avoid a longer, drawn-out primary battle similar to what happened in 2012, which left the party fractured heading into the general election and eventually led to Mitt Romney losing the election to Barack Obama. The Democratic Party then followed suit, scheduling their convention in Philadelphia the week after the Republicans' convention, to provide a quicker response. On May 3, Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus declared Donald Trump the presumptive nominee after Texas senator Ted Cruz dropped out of the race. On December 9, 2016, it was widely reported that President-elect Donald Trump intended to recommend Ronna Romney McDaniel as the person fill this post. On December 14, 2016, Trump announced that McDaniel was his recommendation to be the next chair of the Republican National Committee. The 168 members of the RNC, all of whom were elected at state and territorial conventions during the primaries and caucuses earlier in 2016, will decide and vote upon their next chair at their January 2017 meeting. Although historically the recommendation of the Republican nominee for the presidency is usually followed, there is no restriction on who the RNC members may eventually elect.  Most Republican voters want Donald Trump to remain in the race for president, and he's the candidate GOP voters are most likely to say they want to see on the debate stage, according to a new CNN/ORC Poll. Trump, whose campaign for the presidency has come to dominate much of the news coverage of the Republican presidential field since he formally announced his candidacy in mid-June, remains a person Republican voters want to see more of, and a sizable 22% say they think he'll eventually win the party's nomination for president -- second only to Jeb Bush. READ: Full poll dataAmong Republicans and Republican-leaning independents who are registered to vote, 52% say they want Trump to stay in the race for the party's nomination, while 33% hope that he drops out. Another 15% say they'd like to see him make an independent run for the presidency.