According to the report, on August 31, 2018, the Government of Canada purchased the "entities that control the existing Trans Mountain Pipeline, its Expansion Project and related assets for $4.4 billion" which was financed through a loan to CDEV, "an enterprise Crown corporation. ":21 The Government of Canada does not intend "to be a long-term owner of the Trans Mountain entities. ":21 By May 29 when the purchase was announced it was met with a "storm of criticism" from environmental groups, Indigenous leaders and opposition politicians. The Green Party's Elizabeth May said it was an "historic blunder"; the president of the Union of B.C. The Trans Mountain Pipeline System, or simply the Trans Mountain Pipeline, is a pipeline that carries crude and refined oil from Alberta to the coast of British Columbia, Canada. "Trans Mountain pipeline system" and "Trans Mountain Expansion Project", TMX, are since August 31, 2018, part of "Trans Mountain Corporation", a wholly owned subsidiary of the Canada Development Investment Corporation (CDIC), that is accountable to the Parliament of Canada. Until the purchase by the CDIC, it was owned by the Canadian division of Kinder Morgan Energy Partners. The pipeline has been in use since 1953. In 1969, Trudeau along with his then Minister of Indian Affairs Jean Chrétien, Trudeau proposed the 1969 White Paper (officially entitled Statement of the Government of Canada on Indian policy). Under the legislation of the White Paper, Indian Status would be eliminated. First Nations Peoples would be incorporated fully into provincial government responsibilities as equal Canadian citizens, and reserve status would be removed imposing the laws of private property in indigenous communities. Any special programs or considerations that had been allowed to First Nations people under previous legislation would be terminated, as the special considerations were seen by the Government to act as a means to further separate Indian peoples from Canadian citizens.