During the ensuing months of lobbying for lower-priced prescription drugs, it became clear that a cause worth fighting for has its price. Pillbot, which offered the first free online drug price comparison tool for consumers which had been featured in Money Magazine for its innovative technology and PillBid (the sister site for low priced prescription drugs) voted the Best of the Web (out of just six websites), by Money Magazine in 2001 are never considered as the recipient of a three million dollar Medicare contract according to the New York Times to develop out the price comparison tool for Medicare. As it turns out, the founders of PBRX offered the technology at no cost to the government, however, those in government decided it was best to pay for technology that was already offered for free. Currently, people with Medicare can get prescription drug coverage through a public Medicare Part C plan or through the standalone Part D prescription drug plans (PDPs) program. Each plan sponsor establishes its own coverage policies and could if desired independently negotiate the prices it pays to drug manufacturers. But because each plan has a much smaller coverage pool than the entire Medicare program, many argue that this system of paying for prescription drugs undermines the government's bargaining power and artificially raises the cost of drug coverage. Conversely, negotiating for the sponsors is almost always done by one of three or four companies typically tied to pharmacy retailers each of whom alone has much more buying power than the entire Medicare program. There are other proposals for savings on prescription drugs that do not require such fundamental changes to Medicare Part D's payment and coverage policies. Manufacturers who supply drugs to Medicaid are required to offer a 15 percent rebate on the average manufacturer's price. Low-income elderly individuals who qualify for both Medicare and Medicaid receive drug coverage through Medicare Part D, and no reimbursement is paid for the drugs the government purchases for them. Reinstating that rebate would yield savings of $112 billion, according to a recent CBO estimate.