 Late last month, in the wake of President Donald Trump's visit to Europe, German Chancellor Angela Merkel declared that Europe could "no longer rely on others" and must "really take our fate into our own hands." On Tuesday, Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland pointed to Merkel's comments and said, referring to America, "The fact that our friend and ally has come to question the very worth of its mantle of global leadership puts into sharper focus the need for the rest of us to set our own clear and sovereign course." If Trump succeeded in conveying any coherent message to the world amid the hand-slapping, orb-glowing and prime minister-shoving of his first overseas trip and its immediate aftermath, it was this: Do it yourself. If you're a Middle Eastern country, take care of terrorism yourself.  United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres on Tuesday held his first news conference since taking office six months ago -- and had a message for President Donald Trump's administration. Always careful with his phrasing, the leading UN diplomat didn't mention Trump by name -- but Guterres clearly warned his administration against isolating the United States from the rest of the world. Creating a vacuum in international relations is risky, Guterres told a packed news conference room: "If the United States disengage in relation to many aspects of foreign policy and many aspects of international relations, it will be unavoidable that other actors will occupy that space," he said. "And I don't think this is good for the United States, and I don't think this is good for the world. " The United States of America (USA), commonly known as the United States (U.S. or US) or America, is a country comprising 50 states, a federal district, five major self-governing territories, and various possessions. At 3.8 million square miles (9.8 million km2), it is the world's third or fourth-largest country by total area and is slightly smaller than the entire continent of Europe. Most of the country is located in central North America between Canada and Mexico. With an estimated population of over 328 million, the U.S. is the third most populous country.