 The US ambassador to the Vatican met Friday with survivors of clergy sexual abuse, saying she hopes a historic summit at the Vatican this week will lead to a "renewed commitment" in the Catholic Church to end the scourge of clergy sexual abuse. "President Trump takes this issue very seriously and has expressed his sadness at the allegations of sexual abuse in the Catholic Church," Ambassador Callista Gingrich said in a statement. "The United States Embassy has engaged senior Vatican officials on this matter and will continue to do so." Dozens of survivors of sexual abuse perpetrated by Catholic clergy are in Rome this week to protest and offer testimonies about their experiences outside of an unprecedented summit in Vatican City, where nearly 200 church leaders have been convened by Pope Francis.  Pope Francis began an unprecedented summit in Rome to confront the Catholic Church's clergy abuse scandal by saying that Catholics are not looking for simple condemnation, but concrete actions. "In the face of this scourge of sexual abuse perpetrated by men of the church to the detriment of minors, I thought I would summon you," the Pope told the nearly 200 Catholic leaders gathered in Vatican City, "so that all together we may lend an ear and listen to the Holy Spirit ... and to the cry of the small ones who are asking for justice." "The holy people of God are looking at us and expect from us not simple condemnations," Francis continued in his opening address, "but concrete and effective measures to put in place. We need to be concrete."  The Vatican has revealed that it maintains secret guidelines for priests who father children despite their vows of celibacy. "I can confirm that guidelines exist; it is a document for internal use," Vatican spokesman Alessandro Gisotti said in a statement to CNN, adding that the document was not intended for publication. The existence of Vatican guidelines for dealing with priests who father children was first reported by The New York Times. One man, Vincent Doyle, whose father was a Catholic priest, told the paper he was shown the document when he traveled to Rome in search of justice for children of ministers.