 Early in Mike Pompeo's confirmation hearing as Secretary of State on Thursday, this exchange happened between the current CIA director and New Jersey Democratic Sen. Bob Menendez regarding a reported meeting in March 2017 between President Donald Trump, Pompeo and Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats: Menendez: "What did President Trump say to you and Director Coats in that meeting? Pompeo: Senator, I'm not gonna talk about the conversations with the President I had. I think -- I think it's in this setting appropriate for a President to have an opportunity to talk with his senior leaders. I'll do that throughout the day.  Two key Democrats on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee are signaling they won't back CIA Director Mike Pompeo for secretary of state, a sign that his nomination as the top US diplomat is likely to face a rebuke by falling short of a majority on the panel. In interviews with CNN, Democratic Sens. Tim Kaine and Jeanne Shaheen -- who sit on the panel and backed Pompeo's nomination to be CIA director -- say they are harboring concerns with the nominee, a clear signal they may vote against him. In addition, Republican Rand Paul also told CNN that the hearing "really solidified" his opposition to Pompeo.  Mike Pompeo, the Trump administration's nominee to lead the State Department, told senators on the Foreign Relations committee on Thursday he has cooperated with special counsel Robert Mueller's Russia investigation. "I spoke with special counsel Mueller, who interviewed me, requested an interview, I cooperated," he told the committee's top Democrat Sen. Bob Menendez, who asked about the investigation, during his confirmation hearing. He also said President Donald Trump has never asked him do anything "improper" as it relates to the Russia probe during then-FBI Director James Comey's time as FBI director, but he declined to say if the President asked him to do anything about the Comey probe and could not "recall" the nature of a March 2017 conversation where Trump reportedly asked Pompeo to get Comey to pull back. "I am not going to talk about private conversations I've had with the President," he said.