 Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex, are expecting their first child, the UK's royal family announced Monday as the couple arrived in Australia for their first tour overseas. The tour will include visits to Tonga and Fiji, which both carry risk of the Zika virus, a cause of birth defects. Kensington Palace considered medical issues before Meghan left for her trip, a royal source said Monday, but the couple did not make any changes to their schedule. The World Health Organization and the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention advise against travel to both islands while pregnant.  The percentage of young kids in the US who received no vaccine doses has continued to rise, as have vaccine exemption rates, according to two reports published Thursday by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. While coverage for a number of vaccines "remained high and stable overall," the segment of unvaccinated kids under age 2 rose from 0.9% for those born in 2011 to 1.3% for those born in 2015, according to one report. In 2001, only 0.3% of kids between 19 and 35 months had received no vaccine doses. "Although the number of children who have received no vaccinations by age 24 months has been gradually increasing, most children are still routinely vaccinated," wrote authors from the CDC's National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases.  India has recorded its biggest outbreak of Zika virus to date, with 32 cases confirmed in Jaipur, capital of the western state of Rajasthan. The first case was confirmed on September 23 in the city's Shastri Nagar area, located close to some of the city's main tourist attractions. The country's health minister, JP Nadda, has deployed a seven-member team to Jaipur to continually monitor the situation and assist with control and containment operations. The number of suspected cases cannot be estimated, said Veenu Gupta, the Additional Chief Secretary of the Medical and Health & Family Welfare Department for the state, adding that samples are being collected daily from all residents in a three kilometer radius.