 The White House defended President Barack Obama from criticism that he was tone deaf in his reaction to the mass shootings at Washington Navy Yard. Obama: Shooting a 'cowardly' act For a second straight day, White House press secretary Jay Carney faced questions about a Monday afternoon event that occurred as the situation at the Navy Yard was still unfolding. Obama touched on the tragedy before forcefully criticizing conservative Republicans who are threatening to shut down the government. Obama pressures conservative Republicans McCain to House Republicans: Don't shut down government "I understand that some Republicans are trying to make something of this," Carney said on Tuesday in response to a question from CNN Senior White House Correspondent Jim Acosta.  By the time President Barack Obama walked into a packed auditorium at the White House Monday, his economic message for the day had already been eclipsed by the unfolding tragedy at the Washington Navy Yard. And that was before the city's mayor announced that 12 people and the gunman had been shot dead. As the White House shifted again into disaster-response mode, the president's already-full plate got a lot fuller. And while the executive branch is more than capable of keeping multiple balls in the air, the topics Obama has been looking to push for months are again receding into the background.  The national trauma inflicted by the massacre of 20 children and six adults at Sandy Hook Elementary School prompted an emotional and fierce debate on gun control, but the drive this spring for stricter limits led by President Barack Obama fell short in Washington. By summer, the issue had mostly faded on the political stage. It was replaced by troubling disclosures around national security leaks and U.S. surveillance, violent political turmoil in Egypt, alleged chemical weapons use in Syria, and another looming federal budget showdown. Then, an armed, 34-year-old former veteran shattered the late summer calm on Monday when he shot up the Washington Navy Yard, killing 12 people before, he, too, died.