 The U.S. government has a message for Swiss banks: Please allow Americans to be your customers. U.S. citizens living in Switzerland have found themselves largely shut out of the country's banking system after the U.S. introduced tough new regulations that require banks to disclose all foreign accounts held by Americans. Now, the U.S. ambassador to Switzerland is asking banks in the country to reverse course and accept Americans as clients. "I sent a letter to executives at many ... Swiss banks, describing the challenges that American citizens encounter when they want to open a bank account or just keep the one they have," Ambassador Suzan G. LeVine said in a statement.  A new poll offering a deep dive into the political views of the youngest American voters finds them favoring Hillary Clinton and no less likely to vote than they were in 2012, but younger Americans' outlook on the country's future centers far more on fear than hope. A majority of Americans under age 30, 51%, say they feel fearful about America's future, and only 41% say they expect to be better off than their parents are today, according to the survey released Wednesday by the Harvard Institute of Politics. The poll suggests no drop-off in interest in politics among young Americans compared with 2012. The share saying they plan to vote is on par with this stage in the 2012 election, and just about the same share consider themselves politically engaged now as did four years ago.  Donald Trump on Thursday referred to inner cities for the first time on the campaign trail as "ghettos" as he promised as president to tackle the problems facing low-income African-Americans. "And we're going to work on our g-ghettos, are so--" Trump said, appearing to trip on his next words as he stumbled through his sentence. "The -- you take a look at what's going on, whether you have pockets of, areas of land where you have the inner cities and you have so many things, so many problems. So many horrible, horrible problems."