He made his first stage appearance in the role of Sammy the Little Sweep in his school production of Benjamin Britten's Let's Make an Opera, conducted by Donald Mitchell, which was then transferred to Brixton Town Hall in London. He auditioned, unsuccessfully, for the role of Miles in Britten's The Turn of the Screw - the role being given to another boy soprano, David Hemmings; but it appears that Crawford's audition sufficiently impressed Britten as in 1955 he hired him to play Sammy, alternating with David Hemmings, in another production of Let's Make an Opera, this time at the Scala Theatre in London. He also participated in the recording of that opera (as Michael Ingram, singing the role of Gay Brook) made that same year, conducted by the composer. Then in 1958 he was hired by the English Opera Group to create the role of Jaffet in another Britten opera, Noye's Fludde, based on the story of Noah and the Great Flood. By the 1880s there was a movement to turn the banjo into a classical music instrument, to "legitimize" it and make it "new and sophisticated." The socially elite felt the banjo was a "musically feeble gadget of the lower classes,"  but at the same time were fascinated  by the instrument. As educators became involved, they brought in playing techniques, such as fingerpicking, and a sheet-music repertoire from the classical guitar, moving way from the banjo's traditional clawhammer stroke. Along with the education came opportunities for social mixing; banjo clubs arose in college and universities, and the banjo was now seen as an instrument suitable for "middle and upper class ladies and gentlemen" to play. During his early years, Crawford divided his time between the army camp in Wiltshire, where he and his mother lived during the war, and the Isle of Sheppey off the coast of Kent. The isle was where his mother had grown up and where Crawford would later live with his mother and maternal grandparents. He attended St Michael's, a Catholic school in Bexleyheath which was run by nuns who Crawford later described as not being shy in their use of corporal punishment. At the end of the Second World War, his mother remarried, this time to a grocer, Lionel Dennis "Den" Ingram.