 Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio, facing high school students Wednesday night who survived the Parkland, Florida, shooting, defended his stance on gun rights -- while changing the conversation surrounding the issue. Appearing at a CNN town hall in Florida, Rubio repeatedly made news on the issue of who should have access to firearms by sharing his beliefs on what would have support in the Senate, as well as taking sharp criticism from the audience, which included family members of those killed in the shooting. While its exact long term consequences may not be known, here's what Rubio said and did that will make waves in America's roiling gun debate in the days to come: 1. He says he supports raising the age to buy rifles "I absolutely believe that in this country if you are 18 years of age, you should not be able to buy a rifle, and I will support a law that takes that right away," Rubio, a conservative, said at the CNN town hall.  At Wednesday night's town hall on guns, Sen. Marco Rubio was repeatedly pressed -- and criticized -- by the audience in Sunrise, Florida, for his past defenses of gun rights. But for me, it was Rubio's Senate colleague -- Bill Nelson -- who struck the truly sour notes. Nelson, a Democrat running for re-election next fall, seemed to view the town hall -- hosted by CNN and moderated by Jake Tapper -- as a vehicle to jump-start his campaign against Republican Gov. Rick Scott, who is widely expected to run against him.  He didn't look like "Little Marco." In fact, Florida's junior senator finally seemed more like the substantial political figure he's long had the potential to become. Marco Rubio rightly said Wednesday night that the guts he showed in standing before a grief-wracked crowd to defend gun policies six days after Florida high school massacre paled against the remarkable courage shown by the bereaved. But it took steeliness that is unusual in the current crop of politicians nonetheless, as Rubio faced a searing cross-examination from relatives and friends of those who lost loved ones, and defended policies hewed from the orthodoxy of the National Rifle Association.