 President Donald Trump and his national security adviser, John Bolton, are engaged in an ongoing debate about how to handle Iran, a senior White House official told CNN. Trump moved to ease tensions with Iran on Thursday morning after Tehran downed a US drone near the Persian Gulf. In doing so, he struck a starkly different tone on Iran from Bolton and other senior security aides. After months of escalating steps by Iran and the US, Trump said Iran's attack on the drone was probably an unintentional "mistake."  The US will send 1,000 additional US forces and more military resources to the Middle East amid tensions with Iran, the Pentagon announced Monday. "In response to a request from the US Central Command for additional forces, and with the advice of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and in consultation with the White House, I have authorized approximately 1,000 additional troops for defensive purposes to address air, naval, and ground-based threats in the Middle East," acting Defense Secretary Patrick Shanahan said in a statement. "The recent Iranian attacks validate the reliable, credible intelligence we have received on hostile behavior by Iranian forces and their proxy groups that threaten United States personnel and interests across the region," Shanahan said, adding that the "United States does not seek conflict with Iran." Shortly before the announcement the Pentagon released a detailed set of photos that it said showed Iranian boats removing a mine from one of two tankers attacked in the Gulf of Oman on June 13.  A Senate Intelligence Committee member remarked on Wednesday morning that the disconnect regarding the United States' posture toward Iran between President Donald Trump and his top national security officials sends a "confusing message to the world." "It's clear, as you point out, that the secretary of state, the national security adviser, are much more aggressive, they're much more forceful," Sen. Angus King told CNN's John Berman on "New Day." "The President then says 'oh a couple tankers, no big deal.' That's very confusing, and it's a confusing message to the world and to the Iranians and it's hard to determine (what the White House's strategy is)."