At that time, half-a century ago, Oxford was completely without pavement, plumbing in the homes, and electric lights except for the Williams Gymnasium and the Young J. Allen Memorial Church, which were furnished electricity by a dynamo in the boiler room of the gym. And of course, we obtained water from open wells for drinking as well as for all other purposes ... We had to do our studying by the light of a kerosene lamp. There were scarcely any automobiles and absolutely no co-eds at that particular time although there had been a few previously. There was only one college dormitory, Marvin Hall, which was "outmoded" even for 1910 and which could accommodate only a small part of the student body ... The Emory Wheel is the student-run newspaper of Emory University. The Wheel is published twice a week, on Tuesday and Friday, during the regular school year, and is updated regularly at its website. Serving the Emory community since 1919, the Wheel is editorially and financially independent from the university. The staff is composed entirely of students, with the exception of the general manager, who oversees advertising and whose salary is paid by the newspaper. In 2012, following an internal investigation led by Emory Provost Earl Lewis and Jones Day Law Firm, Emory University announced that members of Emory University's Office of Admission and Institutional Research intentionally misreported data concerning entering students' standardized test scores and class rankings between 2000 and 2012 to standard reference sources and third parties who rank colleges and universities. For example, while the office reported that 89% of its students graduated in the top 10% of their class, only 75% actually had. Following the investigation, the individuals responsible for the misreportings were fired or resigned and the university issued a public apology. The university made several corrective actions in 2012 and 2013, including the hiring of independent data advisers, to ensure accurate data collection and reporting in the future.