 The stage is set for the first series of Democratic debates. Former Vice President Joe Biden and Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont will be at the center of the stage during the Thursday night debate in Miami next week, according to NBC, while Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and former Rep. Beto O'Rourke of Texas will be at the center of next week's Wednesday night debate. The layout decisions were determined by polling, according to NBC, the Democratic National Committee's media partner for the first debates. Campaigns closely follow which candidates will be standing next to whom during each debate.  The majority of the frontrunners for the 2020 Democratic presidential nomination crowded onto 10-person debate stage in Miami Thursday night, the second half of a debate-a-thon that began 24 hours earlier with 10 more aspirants duking it out for precious media attention and that most valuable and elusive commodity in national elections: Buzz. Unlike the relatively polite affair on Wednesday night, the candidates in Thursday's debate came out ready to scrap. It was a much more spirited affair and produced a series of powerful moments -- the vast majority authored by California Sen. Kamala Harris. I watched all two hours, tweeted and took some notes.  Democratic voters tuned into Thursday night's debate searching for the candidate who could take down Donald Trump in the 2020 presidential election -- and many flipped on their television sets expecting that person to be front-runner Joe Biden. In a surprise twist, it was former prosecutor Kamala Harris who took command of the debate stage, outshining her rivals time after time with succinct and fiery denunciations of the Trump administration's policies on everything from the treatment of migrant children to the gaping income equality in this country—and even setting the tone early in the debate by reminding her colleagues that Americans don't want a "food fight," they want to know Democrats are "going to put food on the table." The drama of that exchange overshadowed the two-hour debate that encapsulated a broad array of policy debates, and a clear divide on the stage between candidates like Sanders and Warren who want to see the party veer in a more leftist direction with "Medicare-for-All" and the disappearance of private health insurance, and more moderate candidates like former Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper and Colorado Sen. Michael Bennet who worry that the Democrats' shift to left will endanger the parties chances of retaking the White House.