 President Donald Trump intends to nominate acting Defense Secretary Patrick Shanahan to be his permanent pick to replace James Mattis at the Pentagon, according to a tweet from White House press secretary Sarah Sanders. "Based upon his outstanding service to the Country and his demonstrated ability to lead, President Trump intends to nominate Patrick M. Shanahan to be the Secretary of Defense," Sanders said in a statement. Shortly after the announcement, Shanahan issued a statement saying he was "honored" to be chosen as the Pentagon's permanent head. The former Boeing executive said in comments to reporters after the announcement that he had been informed of the decision earlier Thursday.  President Donald Trump and his most senior Cabinet officials have a message for the leaders in Iran -- it's just not quite the same one. National security adviser John Bolton and Secretary of State Mike Pompeo have threatened "unrelenting force" and "a swift and decisive response" to any Iranian provocation after saying intelligence indicates Tehran may intend to threaten US forces or allies in the region. Asked Thursday if there's a risk of military confrontation, Trump said, "I guess you could say that always, right?" and then delivered his central message.  Acting Defense Secretary Patrick Shanahan presented a military plan at a meeting of top national security officials last week that would send as many as 120,000 US troops to the Middle East in the event that Iran strikes American forces in the region or speeds up its development of nuclear weapons, The New York Times reported Monday. The Times said the plan, which does not call for a land invasion of Iran, was ordered in part by national security adviser John Bolton. Citing administration officials, the Times said it was unknown whether President Donald Trump had been briefed on the plan, including the number of troops. The Times said the meeting occurred days after the Trump administration cited "specific and credible" intelligence last week that suggested Iranian forces and proxies were targeting US forces in Syria, Iraq and at sea.