 Investors are braced for another downbeat session on markets Thursday as Washington remains paralyzed and a deadline for raising the U.S. debt ceiling looms. U.S. stock futures were lower ahead of the opening bell, with the S&P 500 contract down 0.3%. With meetings at the White House between congressional leaders and President Obama failing to produce a breakthrough, the federal government shutdown has entered its third day. "I think probably at the beginning of the week people didn't think it would take so long to sort out," said David Jones, chief market strategist at IG Markets in London. Washington, D.C., () formally the District of Columbia and commonly referred to as D.C., Washington, or The District, is the capital of the United States. Founded after the American Revolution as the seat of government of the newly independent country, Washington was named after George Washington, the first president of the United States and a Founding Father. As the seat of the United States federal government and several international organizations, Washington is an important world political capital. The city, located on the Potomac River bordering Maryland and Virginia, is one of the most visited cities in the world, with more than 20 million tourists annually.The signing of the Residence Act on July 16, 1790, approved the creation of a capital district located along the Potomac River on the country's East Coast. The federal government of the United States (U.S. federal government) is the national government of the United States, a federal republic in North America, composed of 50 states, a federal district, five major self-governing territories and several island possessions. The federal government is composed of three distinct branches: legislative, executive and judicial, whose powers are vested by the U.S. Constitution in the Congress, the president and the federal courts, respectively. The powers and duties of these branches are further defined by acts of Congress, including the creation of executive departments and courts inferior to the Supreme Court.