The United States Department of the Interior (DOI) is a federal executive department of the U.S. government. It is responsible for the management and conservation of most federal lands and natural resources, and the administration of programs relating to Native Americans, Alaska Natives, Native Hawaiians, territorial affairs, and insular areas of the United States. About 75% of federal public land is managed by the department, with most of the remainder managed by the United States Department of Agriculture's United States Forest Service.The department is administered by the United States secretary of the interior, who is a member of the Cabinet of the president. The current secretary is David Bernhardt, who previously served in the Department as deputy secretary. The United States secretary of the interior is the head of the United States Department of the Interior. The Department of the Interior in the United States is responsible for the management and conservation of most federal land and natural resources; it oversees such agencies as the Bureau of Land Management, the United States Geological Survey, and the National Park Service. The secretary also serves on and appoints the private citizens on the National Park Foundation board. The secretary is a member of the president's Cabinet.  Bipartisan congressional negotiators announced Monday night a deal over border security spending that, if signed, would prevent a government shutdown at the end of the week. At issue had been how to fund the Department of Homeland Security -- most notably the fight over how to address President Donald Trump's signature campaign promise of a wall along the US border with Mexico. Exact details were scarce in the initial moments following its announcement, but overnight, aides started to fill in at least some of the top line numbers expected to be included in the agreement. The final text of the legislation is expected to be posted by Wednesday, but in the meantime, here's what to expect: Barrier funding There is $1.375 billion for barrier funding that will cover roughly 55 miles of new barrier -- including parts of the Rio Grande Valley, which had been a priority for the White House.