 Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders suffered a heart attack, his campaign confirmed on Friday after he departed Desert Springs Hospital Medical Center in Las Vegas. "I want to thank the doctors, nurses, and staff at the Desert Springs Hospital Medical Center for the excellent care that they provided," Sanders said in a statement Friday. "After two and a half days in the hospital, I feel great, and after taking a short time off, I look forward to getting back to work." Sanders is traveling back to Burlington, Vermont, on Saturday to continue his recovery, campaign spokesman Mike Casca said.  Sen. Bernie Sanders plans to return home to Vermont in the coming days before taking part in the next Democratic primary debate, his campaign said on Thursday, as he recovers in a Las Vegas hospital following a heart procedure. Jane Sanders said in a statement Thursday afternoon that her husband is "up and about" and has not undergone any "additional procedures" since having two stents inserted after doctors discovered a blockage in one artery. Speaking to reporters outside the hospital, she said the senator plans to leave the hospital this weekend. "He's been spending the last couple of days just having a good time, talking to people, friends and family and so many well wishers that have called and his friends and then of course the well wishers that have tweeted, emailed, called, all of our phones.  California Sen. Kamala Harris plans to restructure her struggling presidential campaign, sources with knowledge of the staffing plans tell CNN. The changes represent the clearest sign to date that Harris, who has seen her poll numbers consistently fall over the last three months, feels changes are needed to jumpstart her presidential bid and streamline an operation that one source said has been been bogged down by bureaucratic hurdles. Harris will elevate Rohini Kosoglu, her Senate chief of staff, and senior adviser Laphonza Butler into senior leadership positions within the campaign, the sources said, splitting responsibilities for the day to day management of the operation. Juan Rodriguez will remain Harris' campaign manager, but the addition of Kosoglu and elevation of Butler shifts some of the longtime Harris aide's responsibilities to different staffers.