 President-elect Donald Trump is once again being pulled in two different directions. In the same way he grappled with his choice for vice president, Trump is fighting competing impulses as he decides who to tap to be his White House chief of staff. The decision is a critical one that will shape Trump's presidency, the priorities his administration sets and how it deals with leaders in both political parties. Trump's choice is coming down to two men who have closely advised the brash billionaire in the final months of his campaign, but whose backgrounds and political styles could not be more different: Republican National Committee  Chairman Reince Priebus or Steve Bannon, the Trump campaign CEO and executive chairman of Breitbart News.  President-elect Donald Trump's campaign adviser said Saturday that his decision on who will serve as his chief of staff is "imminent." Kellyanne Conway did not provide further details on timing in speaking to reporters at Trump Tower in Manhattan. She mentioned Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus was interested in the job, but said there are "several people being considered" and that it was "Mr. Trump's decision ultimately." Sources have told CNN Priebus is considered to be the front-runner for the job.  President-elect Donald Trump is strongly considering naming his campaign CEO Steve Bannon to serve as his White House chief of staff, a source with knowledge of the situation told CNN on Thursday. The White House chief of staff is typically tasked in large part with ensuring that all wheels are spinning in the complex White House organization, and the source said that some people in Trump's orbit do not think Bannon, the executive chairman of Breitbart News who joined Trump's campaign in August, is the best fit for that position. READ: Team Trump already filled with Washington insiders  Trump's contemplation of Bannon as chief of staff comes as his presidential transition team is feverishly ramping up its efforts to build out an administration after his surprising win Tuesday. It also highlights how Trump is contending with competing impulses as to whether he should fill the ranks of his White House with the right-wing figures who energized his campaign or more establishment figures experienced in the ways of Washington.