In addition to the Dialogues of Civilizations program, Northeastern also offers a program called "N.U.in", primarily for first-year students who choose to start their first semester studying abroad. This program accepts students into the university but has them spend their first semester studying at a foreign university partnered with Northeastern. Students take classes in English and these credits transfer over to Northeastern when they arrive on campus in the spring. The program began in 2007 with the creation of N.U.in Australia and only had the option for students to go abroad during their fall semester (before coming to the home campus in Boston). Since the early 2010s, the program has started accepting students to the university, then selecting students to admit to the N.U.in program. The idea behind this is to bring students with more diverse experiences back to the Boston campus by presenting students motivated by travel with the opportunity to immediately study abroad. It is also used to introduce students, professors, and communities across the globe to Northeastern students which could help with the university's global presence. Northeastern's goals for global expansion are outlined in their Northeastern 2025 campaign stating "Northeastern 2025 will build on the university's network of campuses around the world to create intercultural hubs for lifelong experiential learning: expanded study-abroad programs, international co-op opportunities, international dialogues, and coursework embedded with employer partners." Northeastern features a cooperative education program, more commonly known as "co-op", that integrates classroom study with professional experience and contains over 3,100 partners across all seven continents. The program has been a key part of Northeastern's curriculum of experiential learning for more than a hundred years and is one of the largest co-op/internship programs in the world. While it is not required for students of all academic disciplines to participate in the co-op program, participation is nearly universal among undergraduate students as it helps distinguish their university experience from that of other universities. Northeastern also has a comprehensive study abroad program that spans more than 170 universities and colleges.