 Democrats in Wisconsin are carefully considering legal options after an extraordinary lame-duck session produced a flurry of GOP-led legislation Tuesday night aimed at diminishing the power of the state's incoming Democratic governor. If outgoing Republican Gov. Scott Walker signs the measures, expect immediate court action. The measures range from efforts to reduce early voting days to restrict the governor's influence over a powerful government agency that Democratic Gov.-elect Tony Evers promised to disband.  Wisconsin Republicans moved overnight to strip power from newly elected Democratic leaders, advancing legislation that would limit early voting, enact Medicaid work requirements and potentially block the incoming attorney general from withdrawing the state from a lawsuit over Obamacare. The measures are all expected to be signed by lame-duck Republican Gov. Scott Walker, effectively preventing his successor, Gov.-elect Tony Evers, and Attorney General-elect Josh Kaul from delivering on the promises that lifted them to victory in November. Nearly a day after the legislature's "extraordinary session" began, the state Senate and Assembly concluded their work, passing a raft of legislation designed to curtail authorities enjoyed by Walker and outgoing Republican Attorney General Brad Schimel.  Elections have consequences. That adage, which has long been part of the bedrock of our democracy, doesn't appear to be the case anymore -- at least in Wisconsin. Earlier this week, the Republican-held state legislature passed a series of measures aimed at tying the hands of the incoming Democratic governor and attorney general. Among them, from CNN's report: "Wisconsin is now expected to reduce its number of early voting days, restrict gubernatorial influence over a powerful economic agency  Evers sought to disband, and require legislative backing for certain decisions traditionally made by the attorney general and governor -- a move that would likely block  Kaul from pulling the state out of a federal lawsuit against Obamacare.