 Pope Francis spoke during his visit to Ireland Saturday of his shame over the "appalling crimes" of historic child abuse in the Catholic Church and said outrage was justified. However, he failed to specifically mention the current scandal raging over a US grand jury report documenting at least 1,000 cases of clerical pedophilia. "The failure of ecclesiastical authorities -- bishops, religious superiors, priests and others -- adequately to address these appalling crimes has rightly given rise to outrage, and remains a source of pain and shame for the Catholic community. I myself share those sentiments," the Pope said.  Bishop John McCarthy of Austin will be laid to rest Friday. A larger-than-life, gregarious Irishman, McCarthy led the Catholic Diocese of Austin from 1986 until 2001, and was a priest for more than 60 years. He was powerfully committed to civil rights (not always popular in the Texas in which he grew up), questioned the church's tradition of priestly celibacy, and advocated for a more inclusive and powerful role for women. The diocese thrived under his leadership.  Pope Francis said Wednesday that his recent meeting in Ireland with eight people who suffered sex abuse by figures in the Catholic Church left a "profound mark" on him, but suggested that the right measures were being put in place to ensure such abuse cannot happen again. Addressing the child sex abuse scandal in Ireland at his weekly Vatican address, the Pope said he had "begged the Lord for forgiveness for these sins, the scandal and the sense of betrayal." His words came in the midst of a renewed wave of outrage regarding child sex abuse in the Catholic Church, and just three days after a visit to Ireland -- a majority Catholic country -- where he was met with protesters angry about the scandal and a smaller crowd of supporters than expected. "My visit to Ireland, despite the great joy, also had to bear the pain and bitterness of the suffering caused in that country by various forms of abuse, even by members of the Church, and the fact that the Church authorities in the past have not always been able to adequately address these crimes," the Pope said Wednesday.