 John Hickenlooper, who has struggled to break through the crowded Democratic presidential field, spoke to Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer late last week about running for the Senate from Colorado, a race he has resisted joining but is keeping an open mind about, a top aide tells CNN. "He is still in the race for president, but he hasn't closed the door to anything," said Peter Cunningham, the communications director for the former Colorado governor. The latest conversation between Hickenlooper and Schumer took place in New York, following the CNN presidential debates in Detroit. The two have spoken repeatedly about the Senate contest, but Hickenlooper has been insistent on keeping his presidential campaign alive.  Sen. Bernie Sanders' campaign said Wednesday the Democratic presidential candidate has raised $1.1 million since Tuesday and took in more than 70,000 contributions from small-dollar donors. The announcement comes a day after Sanders' fiery defense of his progressive policies, such as "Medicare for All," during the first night of CNN's Democratic debate in Detroit. "He left absolutely no doubt that he is the best candidate ready to take this fight to Donald Trump and finally bring the change we need to America," his campaign manager Faiz Shakir said of Sanders' debate performance. The Vermont senator, who has built on a massive small-donor base from his 2016 campaign, is among the fundraising leaders of the 2020 Democratic field.  CNN's first Democratic debate on Tuesday night will showcase a match-up between Sens. Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren, two icons of the progressive movement who are ultimately on a collision course for the party's presidential nomination. Their encounter will kick off two televised clashes between Democratic White House hopefuls on successive nights that could significantly reshape the primary campaign and will, for the first time, test how party hopefuls handle Donald Trump's ugly campaign strategy rooted in direct racism. The debates, each featuring 10 candidates, mark the biggest moment of the campaign yet and will further inflame plot lines stoked in June's frenetic first candidate free-for-alls.