 The sting of defeat is still fresh. But Democrats are embarking on a soul-searching exercise to determine how they ended up in the political wilderness, losing the House, the Senate and the White House at a time when President Barack Obama's approval ratings are at record highs. How Clinton spent the morning after her concession Hillary Clinton may very well still win the popular vote, and there are myriad theories about why Democrats fell short when it came to electoral college math: inaccurate polling and modeling, an unprecedented surge of white voters for Trump, Clinton's failure to ignite enough enthusiasm and excitement among women, blacks and Latinos. But the former secretary of state's stunning losses in the Rust Belt spoke to deeper problems facing a Democratic Party that has become unmoored from its roots.  A new storm is brewing inside the Democratic Party as competing factions begin to grapple for its leadership as the party reels in the wake of Donald Trump's stunning victory. The emerging favorite to fill the job, Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison, made formal his candidacy for the chairmanship on Monday, saying the party must "begin the rebuilding process now." In what might be perceived as a jab at the broader Democratic strategy in 2016, he said the party "did not motivate enough people to the ballot box" in the past election and, given the Democrats' struggles up and down the ballot, that he would seek to "build a bench not just for federal candidates, but for state and local candidates across the nation." Ellison, the first black Muslim elected to Congress, enters the contest with the backing from across the left.  Sen. Bernie Sanders expressed his disappointment Monday with Hillary Clinton's failure to secure the support of white working-class voters in last week's presidential election. Donald Trump "very effectively" tapped into "the anger and angst and pain that many working class people are feeling," the Vermont independent senator who challenged Clinton in the Democratic primary said on "CBS This Morning." "I think that there needs to be a profound change in the way the Democratic Party does business," Sanders said. "It is not good enough to have a liberal elite.