The 1994 midterm elections cleared the way for House Speaker Newt Gingrich to lead a renewed attack on the NEA. Gingrich had called for the NEA to be eliminated completely along with the National Endowment for the Humanities and the Corporation for Public Broadcasting. While some in Congress attacked the funding of controversial artists, others argued the endowment was wasteful and elitist. However, despite massive budget cutbacks and the end of grants to individual artists, Gingrich ultimately failed in his push to eliminate the endowment.  Slashing funding for the IRS, the Coast Guard and legal aid for the poor would not move the needle on the United States' long-term debt problem. Yet these and other domestic programs are exactly where President Trump focused his proposed budget cuts on Thursday. This kind of spending -- called nondefense discretionary spending -- goes to everything from education programs to food stamps to foreign aid to technology grants to national parks and museums. Agencies and divisions thought to be in line for big reductions include the Environmental Protection Agency, the State Department, the Coast Guard, the National Endowment for the Arts and the IRS.  President Donald Trump released a $1.1 trillion budget outline Thursday that proposes a $54 billion increase in defense spending and corresponding cuts to non-defense spending at the State Department, the Department of Housing and Urban Development, the Environmental Protection Agency and the wholesale elimination of other federal programs. Mick Mulvaney, Trump's director of the Office of Management and Budget, described the proposal as a "hard power budget" in a Wednesday briefing with reporters, meaning the Trump administration will prioritize defense spending over diplomacy and foreign aid. Here's what Trump's budget proposes to cut The blueprint features the broad strokes of Trump's plan to dramatically remake the federal government, slashing EPA funds by 31%, State Department by 28% and HUD by 13.2%, while zeroing out funding for the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, the Institute of Museum and Library Services, the National Endowment for the Arts and the United States Institute of Peace, among others. The proposal would also reduce funding for multinational organization like the World Bank by $650 million.