 Betty Deas Clark had a busy week planned before the Orlando nightclub massacre. A pastor at Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, she is set to commemorate the solemn anniversary of the horrific June 17, 2015, shooting that left nine of her parishioners dead. Before that, she was slated to travel to Washington for Tuesday's White House summit on gender equality, where she would've been "brushing shoulders with some of the most impressive women" in the nation -- including First Lady Michelle Obama, Oprah Winfrey, actress Kerry Washington and tennis legend Billie Jean King. But once she learned that 49 people had been gunned down in a senseless act of violence, Clark scrapped her star-studded plans for a higher calling.  Donald Trump clarified his stance Monday on who at nightclubs should have firearms after he originally appeared to suggest that Orlando victims could have stopped the gunman if they were armed, causing top National Rifle Association officials to distance themselves from the GOP presumptive nominee. "When I said that if, within the Orlando club, you had some people with guns, I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees," Trump tweeted. Top NRA leaders split Sunday with Trump's earlier position that armed club-goers are a good idea. "I don't think you should have firearms where people are drinking," said Wayne LaPierre, the NRA's chief executive officer said on CBS' "Face the Nation."  The wife of Orlando nightclub shooter told the FBI that Omar Mir Seddique Mateen said he wanted to carry out a jihadist attack, though she denied knowledge of his plans to launch the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history, a law enforcement official told CNN on Tuesday. FBI investigators don't believe Noor Salman was a co-conspirator in the attack that killed 49 people Sunday morning at Pulse, the source said. But authorities are looking into whether she should face charges for what she may have known of his intentions and possibly failed to report to law enforcement. The development comes as investigators try to understand what motivated Mateen to carry out the devastating attack.