 Sen. Mark Warner said Tuesday that denial of knowledge from the Saudi regime about the disappearance of Washington Post journalist Jamal Khashoggi after he visited the Turkish Saudi Consulate "strains" the nation's credibility. "This was not some dark alley, this was inside the Saudi Consulate," Warner, a Virginia Democrat who is the vice chair of the Senate Intelligence Committee, told CNN's Jake Tapper on "The Lead." "It strains any credibility that somehow the leadership of the Saudi regime, which is so authoritarian, wouldn't have knowledge of these actions." RELATED: Body of missing Saudi journalist was cut into pieces, Turkish official says "I don't think I trust the Saudis on this because I don't think they've been very forthcoming," Warner added.  The killing of Jamal Khashoggi was "a violently planned" murder that was subsequently covered up, the spokesman for Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's ruling AK Party said Monday. Omer Celik, spokesman for the AK party, told reporters at the party's headquarters in Ankara that the perpetrators should be brought to justice, according to Turkey's state news agency Anadolu. Celik spoke a few hours after CNN published surveillance footage that showed what a Turkish source described as a "body double" leaving the Saudi consulate in Istanbul on the day  Khashoggi died. The Saudi operative, said by the Turkish source to be one of a 15-man team sent from Saudi Arabia to kill Khashoggi, was wearing the journalist's clothes and was picked up on surveillance footage at locations around Istanbul.  A member of the 15-man team suspected in the death of Jamal Khashoggi dressed up in his clothes and was captured on surveillance cameras around Istanbul on the day the journalist was killed, a senior Turkish official has told CNN. CNN has obtained exclusive law enforcement surveillance footage, part of the Turkish government's investigation, that appears to show the man leaving the Saudi consulate by the back door, wearing Khashoggi's clothes, a fake beard, and glasses. The same man was seen in Khashoggi's clothing, according to the Turkish case, at the city's world-famous Blue Mosque just hours after the journalist was last seen alive entering the consulate on October 2. The man in the video, identified by the official as Mustafa al-Madani, was allegedly part of what investigators have said was a hit squad, sent to kill the journalist during a scheduled appointment to get papers for his upcoming wedding.