 Democrats took giant steps toward party unity Thursday as Bernie Sanders vowed to work together with Hillary Clinton to defeat Donald Trump in November and President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden formally endorsed Clinton for president. Sanders' decision to continue his White House bid even after Clinton became the party's presumptive presidential nominee has had Democrats on high alert as they seek to quickly change gears and take on Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee. Sanders' first explicit promise on Thursday to join forces with Clinton to take on the Republicans will help quell concerns among Democrats about divisions in the party. Emerging from the White House after a meeting with Obama that lasted more than an hour, Sanders warned that a Trump presidency would be a "disaster" and that he would "work as hard as I can to make sure that Donald Trump does not become president of the United States."  President Barack Obama spoke by phone with Bernie Sanders on Sunday, a Democratic source told CNN. The Obama-Sanders call came as the Democratic presidential primary neared its end, with Hillary Clinton poised to clinch the party's nomination after a spate of Tuesday contests. Sanders has pledged to keep up his fight for the Democratic nomination through the party's convention in Philadelphia in July. However, the White House is signaling that Obama's endorsement of Clinton could come as early as this week, with Obama officials and Democratic aides determining how and when Obama and Vice President Joe Biden would throw their full support behind their former secretary of state.  President Barack Obama's long wait to hit the campaign trail is about to come to an end. With Hillary Clinton set on Tuesday to secure enough delegates and become the presumptive Democratic nominee, the White House is signaling that Obama's full endorsement could come as early as this week. White House officials and Democratic aides are still determining how and when Obama, along with Vice President Joe Biden, will throw their formal endorsements behind Clinton and her campaign. Eager to exploit his recent spike in popularity, Obama is looking to become the most active lame duck campaigner in recent presidential history.