 President Barack Obama and Republican challenger Mitt Romney step into a more free-wheeling town-hall style debate on Tuesday night, a setting that has given the two coolly intellectual candidates some trouble in the past. Both will have to recalibrate their approaches from their first encounter on Oct. 3, which was won by Romney. "I think Obama assumes he will do better in town hall debates because he has an advantage on empathy," said Emory University political science professor Andra Gillespie, adding that Obama is going to have to "show a little more passion and fire in his belly." Five things to watch for in tonight's debate Romney could be less aggressive, which earned him points in the first debate, and focus more on trying to narrow the likability gap.  A sharp exchange over the U.S. response to the September 11 terrorist attack in Libya dominated the political discussion on Wednesday following a bruising debate that analysts and polls scored a victory for President Barack Obama over Republican challenger Mitt Romney. The Tuesday night debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, featured a revitalized  Obama fighting back against his equally combative GOP foe in an argumentative encounter three weeks before Election Day. With a third and final debate next week, the candidates appeared likely to secure their standing in an already tight race that portends a cliffhanger presidential vote. On Wednesday, both campaigns continued their focus on battleground states considered crucial to winning the White House.  With time running out and the final debate next week on foreign policy, Tuesday night's showdown was the last best chance for President Barack Obama and Republican challenger Mitt Romney to win on the major issue of the campaign -- the economy. The contentious debate in New York featured pointed personal and political attacks by both men standing within arm's length of each other. Obama comes on strong, Romney stands ground in second debate Obama demonstrated two things -- he wants to keep his job and he listened to critics who panned him for being disengaged at their first debate two weeks ago. In Round Two, the president pulled few punches and attacked Romney from the start.