 The official government line on Hugo Chavez' health has taken a darker tone as political allies and opponents squabble over the handling of the bad news. The Venezuelan president is "fighting for his life," the country's vice president said late Friday. Chavez began chemotherapy after his fourth cancer surgery in Cuba in December, Vice President Nicolas Maduro revealed for the first time, and he is continuing the "intense" treatment at a military hospital in Caracas. Supporters attended a Mass on Friday in the chapel of the Military Hospital Carlos Arvelo in Caracas, where Chavez has undergone treatment, according to state news agency AVN.  Former London mayor Ken Livingstone paid tribute to his "friend and comrade" Hugo Chavez, calling him the first Venezuelan president to "put his people before the interests of American oil companies." Chavez, who died Tuesday, used some of Venezuela's vast oil wealth to bankroll huge social programs for the poor during his 14-year presidency. Critics, on the other hand, say much of the country's oil riches were squandered by a corrupt administration more focused on consolidating political power than lifting people out of poverty. MORE: Divided Venezuelans mourn death of Chavez Livingstone, nicknamed "Red Ken" for his socialist leanings, struck a controversial deal in 2007 with Chavez to fuel London's buses with discounted Venezuelan fuel, in exchange for advice on how to develop Venezuela's urban infrastructure.  Once again, rumors of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez's impending death have swept through social media in recent days, fueled by a report that the ailing leader had moved to a presidential residence to live his last days. The government's vagueness and secrecy regarding Chavez has created a hunger -- both in and outside of Venezuela -- for reliable information about the president's health. With no official updates, the void has been filled by a few who claim to have sources familiar with Chavez's health. Users of social media, as well as traditional media, amplify such information, which the government usually ends up trying to refute in one way or another.