 Former acting Attorney General Sally Yates will testify in front of a Senate subcommittee Monday about what and when she told the Trump White House in regard to Michael Flynn's ties to Russia. Yates' testimony will push the story of the Trump campaign's alleged ties to Russia back into the headlines, especially, if expected, she asserts that she warned Trump campaign officials that Flynn, the now-deposed national security adviser, was not telling the full truth about his contacts with Russian ambassador to the US Sergey Kislyak. Both White House chief of staff Reince Priebus and press secretary Sean Spicer have asserted that Yates passed along information about which the White House counsel checked out and found nothing. President Donald Trump has repeatedly insisted that the Russia investigations on Capitol Hill -- and the idea that senior members of his campaign were closely involved with Russian intelligence officials -- are "fake news," a theme he kept up on Twitter Sunday.  President Donald Trump delayed a decision on withdrawing from the landmark Paris climate accord amid disagreements about the nature of the pact, the White House said Tuesday. Trump had originally aimed to announce his intentions before traveling to the summit, held in Sicily at the end of this month. Instead, he will wait until after the G7 to make a decision, according to White House press secretary Sean Spicer. "I think it's simply a sign that the President wants to continue to meet with his team," Spicer told reporters at the White House.  When a White House makes a major, controversial decision -- such as, say, firing the director of the FBI -- it usually follows by putting out its best spokespeople to explain it. But on Wednesday, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer will not conduct the White House press briefing. Instead, that job will fall to deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders, who conducted her first briefing just last week. That means Spicer will not be the one to address the many questions surrounding Trump's firing of FBI Director James Comey, as well as the FBI investigation into potential ties between the Trump campaign and Russia.