 Fresh off a contentious confirmation hearing, Justice Neil Gorsuch will take the bench Monday at the Supreme Court for two weeks of oral arguments that include a significant religious liberty case. It will be the first time Gorsuch dons a black robe as a justice, and his presence brings the court back to full strength more than a year after the sudden death of Justice Antonin Scalia. It is a busy week as the justices will decide whether to add some important cases for next term -- they will announce opinions Tuesday and Wednesday and they will hear arguments for the last scheduled sitting of the term. All eyes will be trained on the court's most recent addition, the 49-year-old Gorsuch, to see how he interacts with his new colleagues and to try to glean clues about his jurisprudence.  While President Donald Trump tweeted about his first hundred days in office Friday morning, it's worth taking a glance at Justice Neil Gorsuch's first full week at the Supreme Court. Trump's Friday morning tweet referred to his first 100 days. He noted he had accomplished a lot, "including S.C." he wrote, referring to the Gorsuch nomination. On Monday, Gorsuch appeared from behind the flowing red curtain for his debut, wearing his black robe and pausing for a moment to gaze out into the audience and take it all in.  Vice President Mike Pence acknowledged Wednesday that some of the Trump administration's promises have not yet come to fruition, but he is confident that efforts to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act will be fruitful. "The President is determined to keep our promise and I'm very confident that in the days ahead, we're going to see the Congress come together and we're going to take that important first step to repeal and replace Obamacare with the kind of health care plan President Trump has envisioned," he told CNN's Dana Bash in an exclusive interview Wednesday. Pence said he considers the first 100 days a success, pointing to the administration's efforts to expand jobs and its ability to get Justice Neil Gorsuch confirmed to the Supreme Court. "I think at the 100-day marker, the American people are going to conclude what I have concluded: President (Donald) Trump is off to a great start.