 President Trump insulted three reporters affiliated with CNN on Friday, and said the White House may continue to take press passes away from members of the media. Trump's unprecedented threat poses a serious challenge to the White House press corps and the association that represents them. The White House suspended CNN chief White House correspondent Jim Acosta's press pass on Wednesday night, hours after Acosta pressed Trump at a press conference. At a Q&A session on Friday morning, when a reporter asked Trump, "How long are you going to leave Jim Acosta in the penalty box?," he said "I haven't made that decision, but it could be others also."  Reporters from many news organizations have expressed support for CNN's Jim Acosta after the White House revoked his press pass. The "hard pass," which speeds up entry to the White House grounds, was suspended by the Trump administration on Wednesday night "until further notice." Why? Because of Acosta's combative exchange with President Donald Trump at his post-midterms press conference.  White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders seized on a misleading video apparently first posted by a far-right personality associated with fringe media organization InfoWars as a basis for indefinitely suspending the press credentials of CNN's chief White House correspondent. On Wednesday evening, Sanders released a statement announcing that the White House had revoked the hard pass — a credential that permits speedy entry to the White House grounds —held by CNN's chief White House correspondent, Jim Acosta. In the statement, Sanders falsely accused Acosta of "placing his hands" on a White House intern as she attempted to aggressively remove the microphone from his hands during a contentious press conference exchange with President Donald Trump. Later that night, Sanders said in a tweet that the White House stood by its decision to revoke Acosta's credentials, writing, "We will not tolerate the inappropriate behavior clearly documented in this video."