 Reports that the White House has a tentative plan to replace Secretary of State Rex Tillerson that emerged Thursday were an effort to express President Donald Trump's deep displeasure and publicly shame his secretary of state, a source with direct knowledge of the White House's thinking said Thursday. The hope from the White House, the source said, is to push out the plan to replace Tillerson and then "wait for him to punch out." The news that the White House is seriously considering replacing Tillerson with CIA Director Mike Pompeo comes as Trump remains deeply frustrated with his secretary of state, another source familiar with the President's thinking said. And the plan is not just being considered at the staff level, but by the President himself, the source said.  President Donald Trump, who was already incensed by the idea that his accomplishments weren't getting the credit they deserve, grew more worried on Friday after news broke that Michael Flynn, his former national security adviser and longtime campaign aide, pleaded guilty for lying to the FBI. "I think that Russia investigation is wearing on all of us, the President most of all," said a source close to Trump. "But I think he is more concerned about the state of his accomplishments and this presidency." Flynn's plea is the closest that Special Counsel Robert Mueller's probe into the Trump campaign's possible connection to Russian meddling in the 2016 election has come to the Oval Office. The New York Times reported on March 7, 2018, that the Mueller investigation is aware of conversations Trump had with two witnesses regarding their testimony with investigators. In one conversation, Trump asked White House counsel Don McGahn to issue a statement denying a story The Times published in January 2018. That story reported that McGahn told investigators Trump had ordered him to direct the Justice Department to dismiss Mueller. McGahn never issued the statement and reportedly told Trump that the president had, in fact, told him to have Mueller dismissed.