 Brett Kavanaugh emerged from two days of tough questioning in the Senate Judiciary Committee without making any obvious missteps that could imperil his confirmation as the justice who will pull the Supreme Court to the right and hand Donald Trump a generational presidential legacy. He avoided ceding ground on the most contentious issues, either by saying he wanted to keep "three zip codes" away from politics or by arguing that he could not comment on "hypothetical" cases that could come before him on the nation's top bench. Kavanaugh refused to say whether a sitting president must respond to a subpoena -- not an academic issue in the age of Trump. He declined to agree to Democratic calls for him to recuse himself from any cases related to the Russia investigation.  Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh said definitively Thursday that he has not had a conversation with anyone at Kasowitz Benson Torres, the law firm founded by President Donald Trump's personal attorney, about special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 election. "The answer is no," Kavanaugh said at the end of another tense exchange with Democratic Sen. Kamala Harris of California. Harris, often mentioned as a possible 2020 presidential candidate, had pressed Kavanaugh on Wednesday, and the nominee had said he was unsure. Thursday, Harris noted that the exchange had generated headlines and said she had "reliable information" that there had been a conversation.  During a tense exchange late Wednesday, Sen. Kamala Harris pressed Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh about whether he had discussed special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation with anyone, including any individuals at the law firm founded by the President's personal attorney. On the second day of confirmation hearings, the California Democrat asked the appellate judge whether he had "ever discussed special counsel Mueller or his investigation with anyone." After answering "with other judges I know," Kavanaugh was asked if he had discussed the probe with anyone who works at Kasowitz Benson Torres, the New York law firm founded by President Donald Trump's personal attorney Marc Kasowitz. Kavanaugh replied that he's unsure he knows everyone who works at that law firm and asked the senator if there was a specific person she was talking about.