Numerous organizations and individuals advocate that the National Football League team located in the Washington, DC Metro Area change its name, the Redskins, and its primary logo depicting a Native American in profile. Over 115 professional organizations representing civil rights, educational, athletic, and scientific experts have published resolutions or policies that state that the use of Native American names and/or symbols by non-native sports teams is a harmful form of ethnic stereotyping that promote misunderstanding and prejudice which contributes to other  Americans. The Washington, D.C. team is only one example of the Native American mascot controversy, but it receives the most public attention because the name itself being defined as derogatory or insulting in modern dictionaries, and due to the prominence of the team representing the nation's capital. A local group of DC change advocates collected over 1,800 signatures on a petition which was delivered to the team headquarters in December 2016. On May 22, 2014, fifty U.S. Senators, forty-eight Democrats and two Independents, sent a letter to NFL Commissioner Goodell asking the league, referencing the Donald Sterling case, "send the same clear message as the NBA did: that racism and bigotry have no place in professional sports." Five Democratic Senators declined to sign the letter, and Republicans were not invited to do so. In his weekly conference call with Iowa reporters June 26, 2014, U.S. In the 1940s the National Congress of American Indians (NCAI) created a campaign to eliminate negative stereotyping of Native American people in the media. Over time, the campaign began to focus on Indian names and mascots in sports. The NCAI maintains that teams with mascots such as the Braves and the Redskins perpetuate negative stereotypes of Native American people, and demean their native traditions and rituals. The NCAI issued a new report in 2013 summarizing opposition to Indian mascots and team names generally, and the Washington Redskins in particular.