 Federal prosecutors in New York accused Jeffrey Epstein, the multimillionaire charged with sex trafficking, of possible witness tampering, saying in a court filing Friday he made $350,000 in payments to two possible co-conspirators after a series of newspaper stories alleged he sexually abused dozens of girls. The payments were made to two individuals who could potentially testify against Epstein at trial, the prosecutors said in the court filing, which argued against granting Epstein bail. "This course of action, and in particular its timing, suggests the defendant was attempting to further influence co-conspirators who might provide information against him in light of the recently re-emerging allegations," prosecutors wrote. Epstein is charged with one count of sex trafficking of minors and one count of conspiracy to engage in sex trafficking of minors related to alleged conduct that occurred between 2002 and 2005.  Alex Acosta's decision as a US attorney in Florida to let Jeffrey Epstein avoid federal charges of sex trafficking nearly a decade ago has shadowed the Trump administration's labor secretary but has now cost him his job. President Donald Trump announced Friday that Acosta would resign amid the ongoing furor over his role in negotiating Epstein's plea deal more than a decade ago. Democrats, including House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, had called for Acosta's resignation following the two count indictment announced Monday by prosecutors with the US Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York accusing Epstein of sex trafficking in New York and Palm Beach, Florida from 2002 to 2005. Epstein, 66, pleaded not guilty to the new charges and faces as much as 45 years in prison if convicted.  Lawyers for Jeffrey Epstein proposed a bail package on Thursday that would allow the multimillionaire alleged sex trafficker to remain out of jail pending trial and live instead in home detention at his Upper East Side mansion, one of the largest residences in Manhattan and valued at $77 million, according to court documents. The arrangement -- sure to draw the scrutiny of prosecutors, who have already asked a judge to have him detained without bail -- also would put Epstein under electronic monitoring by GPS, require him to post a "substantial" personal recognizance bond secured by his Manhattan home, and deregister and ground his private jet. The Manhattan US Attorney's office accuses the financier of having run a sex-trafficking enterprise in which he paid hundreds of dollars in cash to girls as young as 14 to have sex with him at his Upper East Side home and his estate in Palm Beach, worked with employees and associates who would lure the girls to his residences, and paid some of his victims to recruit other girls for him to abuse. An indictment unsealed Monday charged him with one count of sex trafficking of minors and one count of conspiracy to engage in sex trafficking of minors related to conduct that occurred between 2002 and 2005.