 Several gun shows in Connecticut and New York have been canceled in the wake of the mass shooting last month in nearby Newtown, Conn. The Great Firearm & Knife Show was originally scheduled for the weekend of Jan. 12 and 13 in Waterbury, Conn. But Waterbury Police Chief Michael J. Gugliotti decided not to issue the gun show permit after Adam Lanza gunned down 20 school children and six educators, and then killed himself on Dec. 14 in Newtown, less than 30 miles away. "I was thinking of ways that I could make my own community feel safer after Newtown, which is only a 20-minute drive from here," Gugliotti told CNNMoney. The December 14, 2012, Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting—in which the perpetrator shot and killed his mother, 20 school children, 6 teachers, and then himself—received international attention. Governments and world leaders offered their condolences, while tributes and vigils by people were made in honor of the victims. Barack Obama gave a televised address on the day of the shootings, saying, "We're going to have to come together and take meaningful action to prevent more tragedies like this, regardless of the politics." Obama paused twice during the address to compose himself and wipe away tears, and expressed "enormous sympathy for families that are affected". On Friday, December 14, 2012, 20 year old Adam Lanza took a Bushmaster XM-15 semi-automatic rifle into Sandy Hook Elementary school and killed 20 children and 6 teachers. One of the children killed was Pozner's six-year-old son Noah. Shortly afterwards, conspiracy theorists used Facebook, YouTube, blogs and other social media platforms to claim the massacre was a hoax and a false flag operation and that the victims were actually crisis actors. Among them was radio-show host Alex Jones, who repeatedly used the conspiracy theory to tell the audience listening to his InfoWars radio program to rise up and "find out the truth", insisting that the shooting was staged by the federal government to destroy the Second Amendment and citizens' right to bear arms.