 Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton notched resounding victories in New York Tuesday night, answering questions about their command of the race as the front-runners moved significantly closer to their party's nominations. Their decisive wins usher in a new phase in the 2016 campaign. Both Trump and Clinton have fought bitterly for months to keep their rivals at bay, each slogging through primary contests that exposed vulnerabilities in their candidacies and campaigns. New York primary: 5 takeaways On Tuesday, Trump came close to sweeping New York's 95 delegates -- a development that could help the Manhattan real estate mogul win the GOP nomination outright and avoid what would be an explosive and messy contested convention in July.  Hillary Clinton is trading her direct attacks against Bernie Sanders ahead of this week's New York primary for a softer touch. Clinton didn't take any shots at Sanders during her first post-New York rally on Wednesday night, instead delivering her standard stump speech and casting the April 26 primaries in Pennsylvania, Delaware, Connecticut, Rhode Island and Maryland as a "great opportunity to start us on the path to the White House." "I can't do this unless you help me," Clinton told the audience. Clinton continued the hands-off approach toward Sanders on Thursday in Connecticut, when she headlined a roundtable on gun violence, a topic the former secretary of state has long used to discredit the Vermont senator, whose record on guns is more conservative than much of the Democratic electorate.  CNN announced the results of the New York Republican and Democratic presidential primaries Tuesday night in an old fashioned way -- by lighting up the Empire State Building. When Donald Trump was declared the winner of the night's contest, the top of the iconic Manhattan skyscraper turned deep red; when Hillary Clinton bested Bernie Sanders, it went dark blue. New Yorkers -- and others around the world -- noticed. Here's what people had to say when the building went red for Trump:  And then it went blue for Clinton.