 Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh said definitively Thursday that he has not had a conversation with anyone at Kasowitz Benson Torres, the law firm founded by President Donald Trump's personal attorney, about special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 election. "The answer is no," Kavanaugh said at the end of another tense exchange with Democratic Sen. Kamala Harris of California. Harris, often mentioned as a possible 2020 presidential candidate, had pressed Kavanaugh on Wednesday, and the nominee had said he was unsure. Thursday, Harris noted that the exchange had generated headlines and said she had "reliable information" that there had been a conversation.  During a tense exchange late Wednesday, Sen. Kamala Harris pressed Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh about whether he had discussed special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation with anyone, including any individuals at the law firm founded by the President's personal attorney. On the second day of confirmation hearings, the California Democrat asked the appellate judge whether he had "ever discussed special counsel Mueller or his investigation with anyone." After answering "with other judges I know," Kavanaugh was asked if he had discussed the probe with anyone who works at Kasowitz Benson Torres, the New York law firm founded by President Donald Trump's personal attorney Marc Kasowitz. Kavanaugh replied that he's unsure he knows everyone who works at that law firm and asked the senator if there was a specific person she was talking about.  Fred Guttenberg, the father of a slain Parkland student, said he had approached Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh at his confirmation hearing Tuesday in an attempt to appeal to him "as a dad," but when he extended his hand he was ignored by the judge. "I simply said, 'Hi, my name is Fred Guttenberg, I'm the father of Jaime Guttenberg, who was murdered in Parkland,' " Guttenberg told Kate Bolduan on CNN's "Erin Burnett OutFront." "As soon as I got to the 'murdered in Parkland,' that's when you saw him turn and move and walk the other way." White House deputy press secretary Raj Shah addressed the moment on Twitter earlier Tuesday, saying, "As Judge Kavanaugh left for his lunch break, an unidentified individual approached him.