Following the 2018 Congressional midterm elections which saw the election of a Democratic Party majority in the House of Representatives, Nancy Pelosi was elected Speaker when the 116th Congress convened on January 3, 2019. When Republican leader John Boehner succeeded her as Speaker in 2011, Pelosi remained the leader of the Democratic Party in the House of Representatives and served as House minority leader for eight years before she led her party to victory in the 2018 elections. In addition to being the first woman to hold the office, Pelosi became the first Speaker to return to power since Sam Rayburn in the 1950s.  With House leadership races and an election to determine who will be the next speaker of the House of Representatives on the horizon, Nancy Pelosi is calling on House Democrats to "be unified." The longtime House Democratic leader is currently running unopposed in her bid for speaker, but her call for unity comes as a small, but vocal, group of House Democrats is working to try to deny her the votes to reclaim the title she held the last time the party had a majority in the lower chamber. "In the next few weeks, we need to be unified, find common ground with Republicans in our legislative engagements, but stand our ground when we must," Pelosi wrote in a letter to Democratic colleagues Monday. The actual speaker election won't take place until January when the new Congress comes into session and Pelosi allies insist she has the support needed to prevail.  Nancy Pelosi's bid to become speaker of the House is becoming more complicated, as 17 Democrats have now signed a letter saying they won't vote for her on the House floor, according to four sources with knowledge of the matter. If these Democrats stick to this pledge, the California Democrat, who is currently the leader of her party in the House, may not have the votes to become speaker. In addition to the 17, five additional Democrats have pledged not to support her on the floor but have yet to sign the letter, one of the sources said. The goal of the Pelosi critics is to force her out of the speaker's race by convincing her she does not have the votes to win.