 President Donald Trump has scaled up his demands on NATO allies ahead of a summit next week in Brussels, Belgium. And as he has since he was a candidate, Trump has mostly mischaracterized the spending issue in a way that casts European countries as freeloaders. But even as his statements obscure the way NATO operates, the underlying matter remains one that his predecessors also confronted. And NATO's leaders have already assigned credit to Trump for across-the-board increases in defense spending, even as the number of members reaching the established goal remains small.  President Donald Trump came out brawling in his first public comments here at the outset of NATO's annual summit, accusing a close US ally of being "a captive of Russia," calling members of the alliance "delinquent" in their defense spending and insisting they increase it "immediately." Trump's provocative comments on Wednesday morning -- particularly those aimed at Germany -- set the tone for the first day of NATO's annual summit, amplifying the sense of unease among the United States' closest European allies and giving Trump a chance to once again shine a spotlight on uneven burden-sharing among the alliance's members. The invectives detracted from the summit's goal of projecting unity in the face of Russian aggression, even as Trump and NATO leaders jointly agreed to bolster their defense and deterrence capabilities to head off Russian threats. Instead, Trump fueled a narrative of discord within the alliance, just days before he heads to Helsinki to meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin.  NATO diplomats are dumbfounded by President Donald Trump's barrage of acidic rhetoric at the annual summit in Brussels on Wednesday. Trump came out brawling in his first public comments, accusing NATO ally Germany of being "a captive of Russia," calling members of the alliance "delinquent" in their defense spending and insisting they increase it "immediately." "It's like the world has gone crazy this morning," one senior European diplomat told CNN. "Trump's performance was beyond belief."