Although Chancellor Wrighton had noted after the 2004 debate that it would be "improbable" that the university will host another debate and was not eager to commit to the possibility, he subsequently changed his view and the university submitted a bid for the 2008 debates. "These one-of-a-kind events are great experiences for our students, they contribute to a national understanding of important issues, and they allow us to help bring national and international attention to the St. Louis region as one of America's great metropolitan areas," said Wrighton.  A group of six Michigan voters are wrestling with what kind of Democratic candidate they believe can take on President Donald Trump in 2020. Five Democrats and one independent voter, some of whom worked on Democratic campaigns, sat down with CNN on "New Day" to size up the Democratic field ahead of CNN's Democratic presidential debates in Detroit Tuesday and Wednesday night. The panel exemplifies the struggle among Democrats as to whether their nominee should be moderate or more progressive, practical or bold, in their desire to beat Trump in 2020. Edith Suttles likes former Vice President Joe Biden so far, because she believes he's "competent politically" and "solid in foreign relations."  Afghanistan has demanded the United States clarify remarks made by President Donald Trump, who said the country "would be wiped off the face of the Earth" if he wanted to win the war in Afghanistan. Fallout from the President's remarks rippled through a tense and confrontational meeting in Kabul between the US special representative for Afghanistan reconciliation, Zalmay Khalilzad, and Afghan President Ashraf Ghani, according to two sources familiar with their conversation. During the meeting, Afghan officials said Trump's comments were "unacceptable," given the relationship between the US and Afghanistan. At one point in his Oval Office remarks, Trump referred to dropping America's largest non-nuclear bomb on Afghanistan in 2017, and said that dropping more of them would be the "easy solution" to ending the conflict there.