 President Donald Trump's nominee to be the next Supreme Court justice -- Judge Brett Kavanaugh -- will start his Senate confirmation hearings on September 4, the Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley announced Friday. "He's met with dozens of senators who have nothing but positive things to say," Grassley, an Iowa Republican, said in a statement. "At this current pace, we have plenty of time to review the rest of emails and other records that we will receive from President Bush and the National Archives. It's time for the American people to hear directly from Judge Kavanaugh at his public hearing."  Senate Democrats are threatening to sue for documents related to Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh's record, the latest escalation in a partisan battle over the court. On Thursday, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said Democrats were prepared to sue if their Freedom of Information Act request for all documents related to Kavanaugh's time in the George W. Bush White House -- both as staff secretary and in the White House counsel's office -- was denied. "Today we are announcing we stand ready to sue the National Archives for Judge Kavanaugh's full record if necessary," the New York Democrat said. Republicans have argued that documents related to Kavanaugh's three years as staff secretary are not relevant to his confirmation to the highest court, but Democrats says Republicans' decision to withhold the records constitutes a threat to transparency.  Senate Democrats on the Judiciary Committee filed several Freedom of Information Requests for records involving Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh during his time at the White House, the latest move in a partisan battle over trying to obtain documents related to the judge as part of his Senate confirmation process. "This extraordinary step is a last resort -- unprecedented and unfortunate but necessary to fully and fairly review Judge Kavanaugh's nomination," Sen. Richard Blumenthal, who's on the committee, said in a statement. "I regret that Chairman (Chuck) Grassley has left us with no other choice. We need these documents to do our job."