 Sen. Lindsey Graham is sounding an alarm on climate change -- and hoping to make it loud enough for President Donald Trump to hear. "I would encourage the President to look long and hard at the science and find a solution. I'm tired of playing defense on the environment," the South Carolina Republican said in a news conference on Wednesday. Graham said acknowledging -- and embracing -- the climate crisis as an issue in the GOP can be a good thing, and the party is ignoring it at its own peril. The White House officially responded to the impeachment proceedings in a letter from White House Counsel Pat Cipollone to House Speaker Pelosi that it would cease all cooperation with the investigation due to a litany of concerns, including that there had been no vote of the full House, and the secrecy of the proceedings. In the October 8 letter, the White House officially declined to cooperate with what they claimed was an illegitimate effort "to overturn the results of the 2016 election". The eight-page letter said the investigation "violates the Constitution, the rule of law, and every past precedent". Pelosi responded to the letter: "The White House should be warned that continued efforts to hide the truth of the president's abuse of power from the American people will be regarded as further evidence of obstruction."  In an interview with The New York Times Book Review podcast, longtime conservative commentator George Will offered a stirring and stark assessment of what Donald Trump's presidency will mean for our politics and our culture. Here's the key bit: "I believe that what this president has done to our culture, to our civic discourse ... you cannot unring these bells and you cannot unsay what he has said, and you cannot change that he has now in a very short time made it seem normal for schoolboy taunts and obvious lies to be spun out in a constant stream. I think this will do more lasting damage than Richard Nixon's surreptitious burglaries did." That's George Will, folks.