 A Republican politician from Illinois has angered the residents of a coastal English village by featuring a picture of its streets to depict "foreclosures, unemployment and economic recession." Last week the Facebook page of Dr. Nick Stella, a Republican who's running to represent the 11th Illinois congressional district in the US midterm elections next week, posted an advertisement headlined: "Only you can stop this from becoming reality!" It was aimed at attacking Stella's Democrat opponent and the district incumbent, Bill Foster. But bizarrely, it featured an image of a residential street in Jaywick Sands in the UK's eastern county of Essex.  The small English cathedral city of Salisbury at the center of an international investigation into the Novichok poisonings is once again in the spotlight. A 45-year-old man was arrested Thursday for trying to steal a copy of the Magna Carta from the city's famed cathedral. The 803-year-old document is widely considered one of the most important documents in history. The man smashed the glass box that houses the document -- considered one of the most important in British history -- at around 5 p.m., according to a Wiltshire police statement. English studies (usually called simply English) is an academic discipline taught in primary, secondary, and post-secondary education in English-speaking countries; it is not to be confused with English taught as a foreign language, which is a distinct discipline. It involves the study and exploration of texts created in English literature. English includes: the study of literature written in the English language (especially novels, plays, short stories, and poetry), the majority of which comes from Britain, the United States, and Ireland (although English-language literature from any country may be studied, and local or national literature is usually emphasized in any given country); English composition, including writing essays, short stories, and poetry; English language arts, including the study of grammar, usage, and style; and English sociolinguistics, including discourse analysis of written and spoken texts in the English language, the history of the English language, English language learning and teaching, and the study of World Englishes. English linguistics (syntax, morphology, phonetics, phonology, etc.)