 Saudi Arabia's Ministry of Foreign Affairs rebuked a resolution passed by the United States Senate condemning Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman for the murder of journalist Jamal Khashoggi. "The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia rejects the position expressed recently by the United States Senate, which was based upon unsubstantiated claims and allegations, and contained blatant interferences in the Kingdom's internal affairs, undermining the Kingdom's regional and international role," the Saudi ministry said in the statement, posted on Twitter Sunday evening. "The Kingdom categorically rejects any interference in its internal affairs, any and all accusations, in any manner, that disrespect its leadership," the statement said. The resolution passed by the US Senate last week states it "believes Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman is responsible for the murder of Jamal Khashoggi" and "calls for the government of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to ensure appropriate accountability for all those responsible for Jamal Khashoggi's murder."  The Senate on Thursday passed a resolution condemning Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman for the murder of journalist Jamal Khashoggi, ratcheting up pressure on President Donald Trump who has aligned himself with the Saudi kingdom in the aftermath of the brutal killing. Just prior to passing the resolution by a voice vote, the Senate also overwhelmingly approved a resolution by a 56-41 vote that would require the US to end its military support for the Saudi-led war in Yemen, a move aimed both at ending that war and expressing anger at the Trump administration's handling of relations with Saudi Arabia. All told, it amounted to the most significant break within Congress toward Saudi Arabia in decades -- and the firmest response from Capitol Hill since the Khashoggi murder in October. But Republican leaders in the House may put a halt to the push and ultimately side with Trump.  Senate Foreign Relations Chairman Bob Corker plans to offer a measure this week to rebuke Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, the first formal response to the murder of journalist Jamal Khashoggi and an implicit rebuke of President Donald Trump's handling of the killing. The move is one of three legislative efforts taking shape to target the crown prince and the Trump administration's policy towards Saudi Arabia. One of the other measures, a resolution to stop US support of the Saudi-led war in Yemen, will head to the floor for a Senate vote Wednesday. Corker, who opposes the Yemen resolution, is instead pushing forward with his own measure directly placing the blame on the crown prince, whom the Trump administration has sided with in the aftermath of the killing.