In his column of the newspaper Gettysburg Times on January 10, 1990, John N. Goudas discussed Ridge: "You have to hand it to Ridge Forrester. That handsome devil on The Bold and the Beautiful. In love with two women, Caroline and Brooke, he played a stalling game for 3 years, and got away with it. In December (1989) the writers finally cleared up Ridge's conscience and finally made a decision in favor of Caroline, the unhappy wife of his brother Thorne," not knowing that after years of turmoil Brooke would emerge as his true love (even after another woman, Taylor Hayes, had a life with Ridge). After spending extensive time in Paris, Rick moved back to Los Angeles in the fall of 2011 and immediately took a disliking of his sister Hope's fiancé, Liam Spencer, whose marriage to Steffy Forrester recently ended. Rick then finds himself the object of ex-wife Amber Moore's affections and quickly resumes his relationship with her after she feeds him designs for a new Forrester line to label as his own. Brooke later hires a new designer, Caroline Spencer, to work with Rick. When Amber finds out, she becomes unnerved by the hiring and out of fear and jealousy, does everything she can to make sure Rick and Caroline do not become involved, in a professional or personal capacity. Ridge (currently) is described as: "Currently CEO and the driving force behind Forrester Creations Empire, this debonair designer spent his entire life believing that he was Eric’s biological son, only to later learn that he’s not biologically Eric's son at all, but rather the son of shipping tycoon Massimo Marone, and half brother to sailor, Nick, but that never changed the FACT that he is a Forrester legally and will always be a Forrester. He is father to Thomas, Steffy, and RJ, and stepfather to Hope, the one-time conflicted lover has finally settled down with Brooke, the true love of his life." In December 2013 during an interview with TV Guide, executive producer Bradley Bell talked about a significant change in Ridge's personality following the recasting of the role. He described, "He's become very introspective about the first chapter of his life, and the highs and lows of being married to a woman like Brooke.