 Democratic Rep. Eric Swalwell says Bill Clinton should apologize to Monica Lewinsky -- repeatedly if necessary -- to make things right after the former president came under fire for saying he didn't owe her an apology over his handling of the scandal. "I was raised that when you screw up and you make a mistake, you say sorry, and if it is not good enough for the person you are apologizing to, you keep saying sorry until they feel comfortable and you are recognizing that you made a mistake," the California Democrat said Monday night on CNN's "Erin Burnett OutFront." The former president was asked during a heated interview that aired Monday on NBC's "Today" if he owed Lewinsky an apology, to which he responded, "No, I do not -- I have never talked to her. But I did say publicly on more than one occasion that I was sorry.  Former President Bill Clinton used the opening of a book tour event in New York on Monday to respond to a defensive interview he gave NBC News in which he defended his handling of the Monica Lewinsky scandal and said that he didn't have to apologize to her. Asked by author Walter Mosley about the response, Clinton said, "The truth is, the hubbub was I got hot under the collar because of the way the questions were asked. And I think what was lost were the two points that I made that are important to me." "The suggestion was that I never apologized for what caused all the trouble for me 20 years ago," Clinton said.  Bill Clinton's defensive response to questions about his affair with White House intern Monica Lewinsky and the #MeToo movement are just one reason Democrats want distance from the former President, top Democratic operatives told CNN on Monday. Clinton, speaking with NBC in an interview with aired Monday, defended himself from recent criticism about his handling of his affair with Lewinsky in 1995. The response, which comes amid a public reckoning and national conversation about equality that the treatment of women in the workplace, at times grew defensive, with Clinton stating that "a lot of the facts have been conveniently omitted to make the story work." When asked if he owed Lewinsky an apology, Clinton said, "No, I do not -- I have never talked to her.