First, he has done more than any other writer or scholar to promote the importance of marketing, transforming it from a peripheral activity, bolted on to the more "important" work of production. Second, he continued a trend started by Peter Drucker, shifting emphasis away from price and distribution to a greater focus on meeting customers' needs and on the benefits received from a product or service. Third, he has broadened the concept of marketing from more selling to a more general process of communication and exchange, and has shown how marketing can be extended and applied to charities, arts organizations, political parties and many other non-commercial situations. In 2017, Kotler published his autobiography - My Adventures in Marketing, an account of his experiences from his formative years to the present, including his views on topics such as demarketing, brand activism, marketing of the arts, place marketing, as well as the challenges facing capitalism and democracy. In 1996, former Bloomberg L.P. sales representative Mary Ann Olszewski sued the company, alleging that she was drugged and raped by her supervisor, Bryan Lewis, and claimed she was terminated shortly after reporting the incident in a May 25, 1995 meeting. The lawsuit also alleged the company internally investigated Olszewski, attempting to get coworkers to portray her as “flirtatious” or a “sex hound.” Olszewski also claimed that male employees at the company engaged in the “sexual degradation of women” and that the company “took no steps to prevent or curtail the ongoing sexual harassment of female employees by Michael Bloomberg.” Bloomberg, on behalf of Bloomberg L.P., testified that he was made aware of the rape allegation and offered to move Olszewski into another sales unit. Bloomberg also testified that he did not find Olszewski's allegation genuine because there was not "an unimpeachable third-party witness” present during the alleged event, elaborating that “there are times when three people are together.”