 America's top spy broke with Donald Trump and his Republican supporters Thursday, defending a whistleblower and intelligence committee watchdog who exposed contacts with Ukraine that could help lead to the President's impeachment. "I believe that the whistleblower and the inspector general have acted in good faith throughout. I have every reason to believe that they have done everything by the book and followed the law," said acting Director of National Intelligence Joseph Maguire, testifying before a key House committee. But Maguire declined to say whether he spoke to the President about the whistleblower complaint that alleged that Trump solicited the help of Ukraine to interfere in the 2020 election and that White House officials tried to hide his conduct, in the latest twist of a fast-escalating drama that has turned into the most serious crisis of Trump's presidency.  Former Vice President Joe Biden said on Thursday that President Donald Trump is trying to "hijack an election" by repeatedly pushing Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky to investigate the former vice president and his son. "He'd like to get foreign help to win elections," Biden said of Trump at a private California fundraiser, according to a pool report, marking his strongest comments to date on the Ukraine scandal. The Democratic presidential candidate asserted there hasn't been "one shred of evidence" showing wrongdoing by his family, according to the report. "There's nothing anybody in my family did wrong ... at all."  The Trump-Ukraine story might seem complicated and there is much that we still have to learn, but the implications are clear: President Donald Trump apparently betrayed his country, and now, as House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has announced, his actions have triggered a formal impeachment inquiry. His administration refused to share with Congress an urgent whistleblower complaint by an intelligence agent (although sources familiar with the matter say it may be released Wednesday), so we don't yet know the full details. Still, media investigations have revealed the main outlines of the story: In July, Trump withheld military aid while pressing President Volodymyr Zelensky of Ukraine to look into discredited allegations against former Vice President Joe Biden, Trump's leading challenger in the 2020 election. Trump has acknowledged that he spoke with Zelensky about corruption and about Biden.