Even though it is not the only film of the shooting, the Zapruder film has been described as being the most complete one, giving a relatively clear view from a somewhat elevated position on the side from which the president's fatal head wound is visible. It was an important part of the Warren Commission hearings and all subsequent investigations of the assassination, and it is one of the most studied pieces of film in history. Of greatest notoriety is the film's capture of the fatal shot to President Kennedy's head when his presidential limousine was almost exactly in front of, and slightly below, Zapruder's position. Jukeboxes became popular in the 1940s and were often set to a predetermined level by the owner, so any record that was mastered louder than the others would stand out. Similarly, starting in the 1950s, producers would request louder 7-inch singles so that songs would stand out when auditioned by program directors for radio stations. In particular, many Motown records pushed the limits of how loud records could be made; according to one of their engineers, they were "notorious for cutting some of the hottest 45s in the industry." In the 1960s and 1970s, compilation albums of hits by multiple different artists became popular, and if artists and producers found their song was quieter than others on the compilation, they would insist that their song be remastered to be competitive. Media response to Loud & Dangerous: Live from Hollywood was generally positive. Writing for the music website AllMusic, Greg Prato claimed that "While Loud & Dangerous probably isn't as potent as catching L.A. Guns in a jam-packed Hollywood club back in 1988 (when founding member Tracii Guns was still in attendance), it should please the hairspray-and-headband-wearing faithful". Prato praised the band's choice of material to include, outlining that "Instead of trying to prove to audiences that "if you like the old tunes, then you'll love the new tunes," Lewis, Riley and company wisely stick to the L.A.