 The biggest winner from Thursday night's CNN Republican presidential candidate debate: Carly Fiorina. Not only did she speak with expertise and fluency on policy, but Fiorina added some emotional inflection and personal touches to connect with the voters. Most importantly of all -- she managed to be the first candidate to go toe-to-toe with Trump on stage and come out the clear victor. Fiorina was joined by several other candidates with standout performances.  Donald Trump is a misogynist and his comments about fellow GOP presidential candidate Carly Fiorina's looks are "outrageous," the Democratic National Committee's chief said Thursday. Florida Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz told reporters at a Christian Science Monitor breakfast in Washington that among her many concerns about Trump is the fact that he's "doubled-down" on "misogynistic comments" that she said reveal "how he truly feels about women." "Yesterday, in an interview, he even had the nerve to make an outrageous comment about one of his fellow candidate's looks, so I'm sorry, I'm just, I'm not really willing to give Donald Trump credit for very credible, substantive beliefs," Wasserman Schultz said when asked about his actual policy proposals. She was referring to a profile of Trump published Wednesday in Rolling Stone, in which he was quoted by the magazine's reporter as saying: "Look at that face!"  The day after a marathon three-hour meeting of 11 top tier candidates, here's our take on the winners and losers of CNN's Republican debate at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library. Winners: Carly Fiorina Fiorina insisted in the lead-up to the GOP debate that she belonged on the debate stage with the top-tier White House hopefuls. She proved as much Wednesday night. For the second debate in a row, Fiorina was once again the breakout star of the night, taking on Republican front-runner Donald Trump with finesse and capturing the crowd with polished, zinging answers and an impassioned charge against abortion.