 The sound of gunfire, confusion, a lockdown and then an evacuation. Witnesses, students and parents told frightening stories Friday about a school shooting that police say left six adults and 20 children dead. Many details of the attack were still unfolding, but the sight of dozens of emergency vehicles and police spread across the wooded  campus made it clear Sandy Hook Elementary School has become the nation's latest infamous crime scene. For now, evacuated children are being comforted and reuniting with their parents at a nearby firehouse where, outside, an American flag flies at half-staff.  Dressed in black fatigues and a military vest, a heavily armed man walked into a Connecticut elementary school Friday and opened fire, shattering the quiet of this southern New England town and leaving the nation reeling at the number of young lives lost. Within minutes, 26 people were dead at Sandy Hook Elementary School -- 20 of them children. Among the six adults killed were Dawn Hochsprung, the school's beloved principal, and school psychologist Mary Sherlach. The shooter, identified by three law enforcement officials as 20-year-old Adam Lanza, also was killed, apparently by his own hand.  Wiping away tears and choking up, President Barack Obama mourned the "beautiful little kids" slain Friday in a shooting massacre at a Connecticut school and called for preventing similar tragedies "regardless of the politics." It was a rare emotional display by Obama, known more for stoicism in such situations, and he referred to other recent U.S. mass shootings in calling for a national response. "As a country, we have been through this too many times," Obama said in a brief statement to reporters at the White House about the attack at the Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown that killed at least 26 people, including 20 schoolchildren. "Whether it's an elementary school in Newtown or a shopping mall in Oregon or a temple in Wisconsin or a movie theater in Aurora (Colorado) or a street corner in Chicago, these neighborhoods are our neighborhoods and these children are our children," said Obama, who has been criticized for being soft on gun control issues by some on the political left.