Joshua M. Devore (November 13, 1887 – October 6, 1954), was a professional baseball player who played outfielder in the major leagues from 1908–1914. He would play for the Cincinnati Reds, Philadelphia Phillies, New York Giants, and Boston Braves. Devore resided in Seelyville, a small community in Vigo County, Indiana during his early pro baseball career, getting his start in what was known as the Trolley League in Terre Haute, Indiana. Due to his quickness, Josh was known as "The Seelyville Speed Demon." New Mexico (Spanish: Nuevo México Spanish pronunciation:  (listen), Navajo: Yootó Hahoodzo pronounced ) is a state in the Southwestern region of the United States of America; its capital and cultural center is Santa Fe, which was founded in 1610 as capital of Nuevo México (itself established as a province of New Spain in 1598), while its largest city is Albuquerque with its accompanying metropolitan area. It is one of the Mountain States and shares the Four Corners region with Utah, Colorado, and Arizona. New Mexico is also bordered by the state of Texas to the east-southeast, Oklahoma to the northeast, and the Mexican states of Chihuahua to the south and Sonora to the southwest. With an estimated population of 2,096,829 as of the July 1, 2019 U.S. Census Bureau estimate, New Mexico is the 36th largest state by population. Paul the Apostle (Latin: Paulus; Greek: Παῦλος, romanized: Paulos; Coptic: ⲡⲁⲩⲗⲟⲥ; c. 5 – c. 64 or 67), commonly known as Saint Paul and also known by his Hebrew name Saul of Tarsus (Hebrew: שאול התרסי‎, romanized: Sha'ūl ha-Tarsī; Greek: Σαῦλος Ταρσεύς, romanized: Saũlos Tarseús), was an apostle (although not one of the Twelve Apostles) who taught the gospel of Christ to the first-century world. Paul is generally considered one of the most important figures of the Apostolic Age and from the mid-30s to the mid-50s AD he founded several Christian communities in Asia Minor and Europe. He took advantage of his status as both a Jew and a Roman citizen to minister to both Jewish and Roman audiences. According to the New Testament book Acts of the Apostles (often simply called Acts), Paul persecuted some of the early disciples of Jesus, possibly Hellenised diaspora Jews converted to Christianity, in the area of Jerusalem prior to his conversion.