During Sessions's Judiciary Committee confirmation hearing on January 10, Senator Al Franken asked him what he would do as Attorney General "if there is any evidence that anyone affiliated with the Trump campaign communicated with the Russian government in the course of this campaign". Franken was referring to a news report alleging that Russia had compromising material on Trump, and that Trump surrogates were in contact with the Russian government. Sessions replied that he was "not aware of any of those activities" and said "I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign and I didn't have—did not have communications with the Russians, and I'm unable to comment on it." In addition to criticizing him, Trump often used Twitter to suggest things he thought Sessions should do or to criticize Justice Department actions. According to Senator Jeff Flake, "the president has been pushing  very openly to go after the president's enemies and lay off his friends," adding "And so far, Jeff Sessions, bless his heart, has resisted and maintained that the judiciary needs to be independent." Trump demanded that Sessions investigate Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, and various employees of the FBI and Justice Department. In August 2018 he said that Sessions should "stop" the Mueller investigation.  Faced with the reality that Donald Trump is now the face of their party, Republican senators appeared squeamish as they returned to the Capitol on Monday for the first time since the billionaire became the presumptive nominee of the Republican party. It's been a little less than a week since Trump effectively secured the nomination following a decisive win in Indiana's Republican primary, but his relationships among lawmakers and leaders of his own party remain rocky at best. Former presidents and nominees and other top leaders have repeatedly said they are skipping the convention where he is expected to receive the nomination. Sen. Jim Risch of Idaho said, "I'm not giving any interviews about this presidential race."