On May 13, 2013, The Associated Press announced telephone records for 20 of their reporters during a two-month period in 2012, had been subpoenaed by the U.S. Justice Department and described these acts as a "massive and unprecedented intrusion" into news-gathering operations. The AP reported that the Justice Department would not say why it sought the records, but sources stated that the United States Attorney for the District of Columbia's office was conducting a criminal investigation into a May 7, 2012 AP story about a CIA operation that prevented a terrorist plot to detonate an explosive device on a commercial flight. The DOJ did not direct subpoenas to the AP, instead going to their phone providers, including Verizon Wireless. U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder testified under oath in front of the House Judiciary Committee that he recused himself from the leak investigations to avoid any appearance of a conflict of interest.  Attorney General Eric Holder, a political lightning rod for Republican critics of the Obama administration, is under fire for two cases involving secret subpoenas or searches for phone records and other information of journalists involved in reports about leaked classified information. 1. What's the problem? In the first case, the Justice Department last year obtained two months of phone records for reporters and editors at The Associated Press as part of a probe that the news service said was focused on its account of a foiled plot to bomb a U.S. airliner in May 2012.  The Justice Department defended its scrutiny of reporters around a high-profile national security leak investigation, saying on Tuesday that it followed its own regulations in acquiring subpoenas for Associated Press phone records. But a letter from Peter Kadzik, principal deputy assistant attorney general, to members of Congress failed to answer a key question asked by lawmakers: When did Attorney General Eric Holder formally recuse himself from the leak investigation? Holder said in congressional testimony that he took that step to avoid a possible conflict of interest because he had been interviewed about the leak during the course of the investigation. That investigation centered on who told the AP about a 2012 plot by an al Qaeda affiliate in Yemen to bomb an airliner.