 The uneasy peace between the two leading Democratic 2020 progressives broke down Monday night, as Sen. Elizabeth Warren publicly accused Sen. Bernie Sanders of telling her during a private meeting in December 2018 that he didn't think a woman could win. The explosive accusation, which Sanders had previously denied in response to a CNN report, opened a chasm between the two leading liberals in the race and significantly raised the stakes ahead of Tuesday night's CNN/Des Moines Register Democratic presidential debate, the final one before voters cast their first ballots of the presidential season next month. Later on Monday night, Sanders senior adviser Jeff Weaver suggested in an interview with CNN's Chris Cuomo that Warren had misconstrued the conversation with Sanders. The controversy raised fresh questions about the importance of identity politics in Democratic politics amid ongoing accusations that the top of the party's field isn't sufficiently diverse.  Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren is done talking about her back-and-forth -- in which each candidate said the other called them a liar -- with Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders after the seventh presidential debate Tuesday night in Iowa. "I have no further comment on this," Warren told reporters as she entered the US Capitol for the start of President Donald Trump's impeachment trial on Thursday. "We are here right now at an important moment in American history. And that's what we need to keep our focus on."  Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren said she was "disappointed" to hear about a memo containing talking points reportedly given to volunteers for her Democratic rival Bernie Sanders that characterizes her as only attractive as a candidate among the elite. "I was disappointed to hear that Bernie is sending his volunteers out to trash me," she told reporters after a town hall in Marshalltown, Iowa, on Sunday. "Bernie knows me, and has known me for a long time. He knows who I am, where I come from, what I have worked on and fought for, and the coalition and grassroots movement we're trying to build."