 Allies of Brett Kavanaugh are touting the performance the Supreme Court nominee and his wife gave Monday evening on Fox News as accusations of inappropriate sexual behavior from high school and college continue to threaten his nomination. The unprecedented decision to put a Supreme Court nominee in front of a camera before his confirmation came as the White House and outside groups work to put Kavanaugh in a stronger position ahead of the Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on Thursday. Christine Blasey Ford, who has accused Kavanaugh of sexually assaulting her when they were both high school students, will also testify. President Donald Trump took perhaps his most aggressive stand in defense of Kavanaugh to date on Tuesday, when he cast doubt on the recollections of both the women accusing Kavanaugh and slammed Democrats for playing what he described as a "con game."  Michael Avenatti said Monday night that he has new information regarding allegations against Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh. Avenatti, the lawyer also representing adult film star Stormy Daniels who is suing President Donald Trump, said on CNN's "Cuomo Prime Time" that he has multiple clients and "at least one" is prepared to come forward publicly within the next 48 hours. He did not provide any evidence for his claims, which he is making as Kavanaugh faces a confirmation vote in the Senate. "At this point, Chris, it's clients.  Donald Trump's operating assumption is that shamelessness is powerful. Abusive talk, lies and red-faced emotion worked well enough to put him in the White House and seem to have inspired a Supreme Court nominee to spew conspiracy theories and distortions in the pursuit of a lifetime appointment. Instead of acting like the sober judge the nation needs, Brett Kavanaugh last week lowered himself to Trump's level and deepened the divide that plagues America. With the FBI now interviewing sources about sexual assault and misconduct he allegedly committed in his youth (allegations he strongly denies), Kavanaugh faces the possibility that the Senate will reject his nomination.