 It's the hardest act in town to follow: the leader of the free world, framed by his Vice President and the Speaker of the House, delivering what is usually a fairly rousing address to both houses of Congress. Joni Ernst, the Republican Party's latest rising star in the Senate, will do just that Tuesday, tapped by the GOP to deliver the rebuttal to Obama's State of the Union address. She'll likely sit or stand, alone, facing a camera, countering the President's policy proposals and implicitly -- or pretty openly -- reminding Americans that partisanship is alive and well. Throw in the fact that fewer Americans watch the State of the Union -- and even fewer the opposition party's response -- and 10 minutes of uninterrupted national TV time doesn't seem so glossy anymore, especially when so much has gone wrong in recent years. The moderate Republicans were top-heavy, with a surplus of high visibility national leaders and a shortage of grass roots workers. Most of all they lacked the numbers, the enthusiasm and excitement the conservatives could mobilize—the moderates decided it must be an un-American level of fanaticism that drove their opponents. Doug Bailey, a senior Rockefeller aide recalled, "there was a mentality in  campaign staff that, 'Look, we have got all this money. We should be able to buy the people necessary to get this done.  Reince Priebus was elected Friday in a resounding vote to serve a third term as chairman of the Republican National Committee, putting him on course to become the longest serving head of the national party in history. "It is an honor and it is also a huge responsibility for me to finish the chapter here in rebuilding the Republican National Committee," Priebus said in an interview during the RNC's Winter Meeting. The vote was 166 to 2. RNC cuts primary debates down to 9; CNN to host up to 3 Priebus is credited with helping put the RNC on firm financial footing leading into the 2014 elections when the GOP made significant gains in Congress and state Houses across the country.