 Sen. Kamala Harris said on Monday that President Donald Trump's Twitter account should be suspended following his tweets about the whistleblower whose complaint is at the center of the Ukraine scandal. "The President's tweets and his behaviors about this are just further evidence of the fact that he uses his power in a way that is designed to beat people down instead of lift people up," the California Democrat and 2020 presidential candidate told CNN's Anderson Cooper on "Anderson Cooper 360." "Frankly, when you look at what he's been tweeting today directed at the whistleblower, directed at so many people, you know, I, frankly, think that based on this and all we've seen him do before, including attacking members of Congress, that he, frankly, should be -- his Twitter account should be suspended. I think there is plenty of now evidence to suggest that he is irresponsible with his words in a way that could result in harm to other people. With Twitter, it wasn't clear what it was. They called it a social network, they called it microblogging, but it was hard to define, because it didn't replace anything. There was this path of discovery with something like that, where over time you figure out what it is. Twitter actually changed from what we thought it was in the beginning, which we described as status updates and a social utility.  Twitter's handling of President Donald Trump's account makes no sense. Twitter has removed a video meme posted by President Donald Trump on Wednesday of an edited music clip by the band Nickelback after receiving a copyright infringement complaint from Warner Music, Inc. At the same time, Twitter has chosen not to delete a tweet by President Donald Trump on Sunday quoting a pastor who claimed that if the President is impeached, there will be a civil war. The Department of Homeland Security recently affirmed the urgent threat of white supremacy in the United States, and as my fellow CNN Opinion contributor Nicole Hemmer has argued, the President's past tweets have helped spur domestic terrorism fueled by white power, and this one could result in actual violence, as well. So here's where we are now: Twitter will allow the President to invoke civil war, but harming Nickelback's rights to their own music is a step too far.