 Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg is headed to Capitol Hill to answer questions from lawmakers, after the company admitted the personal information of millions of users was shared with Cambridge Analytica, a firm that the Trump campaign enlisted before the 2016 election. On Tuesday, Zuckerberg will be questioned by members of the Senate Judiciary and Commerce committees, and on Wednesday he will face the House Energy and Commerce Committee. These are important opportunities for members of Congress to extract promises from Zuckerberg to run his company more ethically and responsibly in the future. They are also chances for lawmakers to learn about how they can best structure new regulations to protect consumer privacy and the integrity of elections.  Facebook users can now see whether their data may have been obtained by political data firm Cambridge Analytica. On Monday, the social media giant began rolling out a "see how you're affected" tool at the top of News Feeds to inform users if they're among the tens of millions of people who had their data improperly harvested by Cambridge Analytica. "We have banned the app 'This is Your Digital Life," which one of your friends used Facebook to log into. We did this because the app may have misused some of your Facebook information by sharing it with a company called Cambridge Analytica," a pop-up notification for affected accounts says.  Facebook on Monday will begin alerting the 87 million users whose data may have been harvested by Cambridge Analytica. The company plans to post a link at the top of users' news feeds that will allow them to see which apps are connected to their Facebook accounts and what information those apps are permitted to see. "As part of this process we will also tell people if their information may have been improperly shared with Cambridge Analytica," the company said last week. Facebook users will also have the opportunity to use the link to delete apps and prevent them from collecting more information.