 HBO is standing by its decision to air a four-hour documentary detailing the stories of two men who accuse Michael Jackson of molestation in the face of a suit filed by Jackson's estate that claims airing the film would be a breach of contract. "Despite the desperate lengths taken to undermine the film, our plans remain unchanged," the network said in a statement to CNN. "HBO will move forward with the airing of 'Leaving Neverland,' the two-part documentary, on March 3rd and 4th. This will allow everyone the opportunity to assess the film and the claims in it for themselves."  Oprah Winfrey will sit down with the two men at the center of an already controversial Michael Jackson documentary set to debut on HBO next week. "Oprah Winfrey Presents: After Neverland" will be a conversation with Wade Robson and James Safechuck, the subjects of the two-part documentary "Leaving Neverland." The film examines disturbing claims by Safechuck and Robson that Jackson sexually abused them over a period of several years when they were children. 'Leaving Neverland' presents chilling parallel accounts of Michael Jackson's alleged abuse The pair, along with the project's director Dan Reed, will appear "before an audience of survivors of sexual abuse and others whose lives have been impacted by it," according to HBO and Winfrey's OWN network, who are partnering on the special.  "Leaving Neverland" is about dreams turned to nightmares, featuring twin accounts of Michael Jackson's alleged sexual predation that derive power and credibility from their strikingly similar parallels. It's an unsettling tale of money, fame and seduction, insidiously marshalled not just at young boys but their equally star-struck parents. The late pop star's staunchest defenders have long pushed back against such allegations, and it's hard to imagine much shaking those convictions. The Jackson family has already fired back at the film after its premiere at the Sundance Film Festival, calling it a "public lynching" and Jackson's accusers "admitted liars," in reference to sworn statements by both while Jackson was alive that he did not molest them.