 President Donald Trump took his deepening rage with Democrats to the White House Rose Garden on Wednesday, orchestrating a public display of fury at persistent oversight requests he now says are thwarting any bipartisan cooperation. The episode, meant to shame his political rivals, also placed into clear relief how Democrats' recent subpoenas and information requests have rattled the President. And it raised the stakes on House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, who is facing louder calls from members of her party to begin impeachment proceedings. Speaking minutes after abruptly cutting short a meeting at the White House with Pelosi and her Senate counterpart Sen. Chuck Schumer, Trump announced he wouldn't attempt any further bipartisanship until the congressional investigations conclude. Immediately after a secret recording of Mitch McConnell and his campaign staff was released to Mother Jones, McConnell expressed concerns about what he saw as a threat from the left. David Adams, a Kentucky Tea Party activist who was seeking a Republican opponent to McConnell, told The New York Times that McConnell's fears about "threats from the left" were misplaced. Adams said: "It's going to come from the right. The fact that he's coming unglued about this thing should make clear to observers that he may not be ready for the challenge that lies ahead."  Bipartisan Senate leaders are expressing optimism over budget talks, but a meeting between top lawmakers and administration officials concluded on Tuesday without a deal, despite Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell saying earlier that he hoped an agreement could be reached before the end of the day. As he left the meeting, Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer told reporters talks had not resolved spending levels or domestic programs. "We are trying to come up with an agreement, and one of the biggest questions is how to fund all the needs of the middle class on the domestic side," Schumer said. Earlier in the day, McConnell called the meeting with the top four congressional leaders from both parties and several top administration officials "very encouraging" and said, "Our hope is to make a deal before the day is over."