 The Syrian National Coalition -- the principal opposition group battling the government of President Bashar al-Assad -- has changed its position and will attend an international meeting this week in Rome focused on the Syrian crisis, the coalition's leader Ahmed Moaz al-Khatib announced Monday on Facebook. The conference will include representatives from more than 60 countries working to end violence in the Middle Eastern nation that has already claimed nearly 70,000 lives. Earlier, the Syrian National Coalition had said its officials would not attend the Friends of Syria meeting to protest what it sees as a lack of effective action from the international community. "Enough is enough. Iran (Persian: ایران‎ Irān  (listen)), also called Persia, and officially the Islamic Republic of Iran (Persian: جمهوری اسلامی ایران‎ Jomhuri-ye Eslāmi-ye Irān (listen) ), is a country in Western Asia. With 82 million inhabitants, Iran is the world's 18th most populous country. Its territory spans 1,648,195 km2 (636,372 sq mi), making it the second largest country in the Middle East and the 17th largest in the world. Iran is bordered to the northwest by Armenia and the Republic of Azerbaijan, to the north by the Caspian Sea, to the northeast by Turkmenistan, to the east by Afghanistan and Pakistan, to the south by the Persian Gulf and the Gulf of Oman, and to the west by Turkey and Iraq.  The US Congress is preparing new Iran sanctions legislation that would target the European Central Bank's system for settling cross-border bank payments. The proposed bill is part of a package of measures designed to pressure the ECB to do more to prevent Iranian companies and banks from using the Target2 payments system to conduct transactions involving euros. The legislation, which could be introduced next week, is aimed at closing loopholes to earlier financial sanctions which the US Congress has imposed on Iran over the past 18 months to slow its nuclear programme. Previous sanctions have made it extremely hard for Iran to conduct cross-border oil business in US dollars, but have been less successful at closing off business in other currencies.