 Nearly a dozen staff members of the California delegation at the Republican National Convention are showing symptoms of a norovirus. California Republican Party Chairman Jim Brulte told CNN Tuesday that one of the staff members brought the virus with her and infected her husband, another member of the staff. Members of the delegation were staying at a hotel in Sandusky, Ohio, and as many as 11 members are showing symptoms of the virus, said Erie County Health Commissioner Peter Schade. "We've got about 11 who have been sick over the last few days, and we've been out there every day and working with them to eliminate the spread (between) the resort and the delegation from California," Schade told STAT News.  The group that has forced a series of difficult test votes on LGBT issues at the Republican National Convention early meetings plans to take that fight all the way to the floor of the convention. Delegates and operatives working with the American Unity Fund, a pro-LGBT GOP issues advocacy group with the support of billionaire Paul Singer, were circulating petitions here in an effort to convince at least 28 members of the convention Platform Committee to sign off on a so-called "minority report" -- a maneuver that would guarantee floor time for debate at the full convention next week. The group told repoters and fellow committee members they had the support of 37 delegates Tuesday night, but the effort began to unravel shortly thereafter. The group tried to submit their signatures before proceedings on the platform closed Tuesday night, but were told they would need to wait until Monday, when the full convention convenes.  One of the craziest and most tumultuous presidential primary seasons in recent memory comes to a head Monday as Donald Trump arrives in Cleveland for the Republican National Convention. Conventions are meant to be festive but tightly disciplined events, a rare moment when the Republican party can control the program, reintroduce their candidate and launch him into the fall campaign with a bump in the polls. The political universe will be watching whether Trump -- rarely known for his discipline -- can stick to his script. Will he unite a party unraveled by his candidacy, or will he blow it apart?