According to University of Texas political scientist Sean M. Theriault, Gingrich had a profound influence on other Republican lawmakers, in particular those who served with him in the House, as they adopted his obstructionist tactics. A 2011 study by Theriault and Duke University political scientist David W. Rohde in the Journal of Politics found that "almost the entire growth in Senate party polarization since the early 1970s can be accounted for by Republican senators who previously served in the House after 1978" when Gingrich was first elected to the House. The Constitution provides that the House may choose its own speaker. Although not explicitly required by the Constitution, every speaker has been a member of the House. The Constitution does not specify the duties and powers of the speaker, which are instead regulated by the rules and customs of the House. Speakers have a role both as a leader of the House and the leader of their party (which need not be the majority party; theoretically, a member of the minority party could be elected as speaker with the support of a fraction of members of the majority party). In late December, Gingrich picked up the endorsement of the most powerful Republican in New Hampshire, House Speaker Bill O'Brien, whose trip to Iowa to make the announcement underscored the national significance of the endorsement. After having already failed to file the paperwork required for inclusion on the ballot in Missouri before the deadline, the Gingrich campaign also failed to meet the requirements to appear on the ballot in Virginia, leaving the state to the only two candidates who met the requirements, Mitt Romney and Ron Paul. Political scientist Larry Sabato observed that the filing failure was "yet another signal to Republicans that Gingrich is not able to organize.". At this point Patrick Millsaps was hired as the deputy general counsel to assist with these ballot access issues and to bring some much needed structure to the struggling campaign.