On September 22, 1999, the United States Department of Justice brought a lawsuit against nine cigarette manufacturers and two tobacco industry trade associations  in the United States District Court of the District of Columbia ("District Court"). The complaint alleged that the tobacco companies had engaged in an approximately fifty-year conspiracy to fraudulently deceive the American public about the health effects of smoking and environmental tobacco smoke, the addictiveness of nicotine, the health benefits from low tar, "light" cigarettes, and their manipulation of the design and composition of cigarettes in order to sustain nicotine addiction. According to the complaint, the tobacco companies deliberately sought to deny that smoking caused disease and to maintain that there was no scientific consensus on the subject. In furtherance of this strategy, Defendants allegedly issued deceptive press releases, published false and misleading articles, destroyed and concealed documents which indicated that there was in fact a correlation between smoking and disease, and aggressively targeted children as potential new smokers. It is funding the Foundation for a Smoke-Free World (founded in 2017) to purportedly fund scientific research for the global elimination of  tobacco smoking and has adopted a goal of making cigarettes obsolete by 2035. Its claims to independence have been challenged and it has been criticised by the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids, Action on Smoking and Health (ASH), and Corporate Accountability International. The American Cancer Society stated, "This attempt by Philip Morris International to paint itself as a public health partner is manipulative and dangerous. It is a new twist out of the tobacco industry’s deadly playbook, but nobody should be fooled. Marlboro (US: /ˈmɑːrlˌbʌroʊ/, UK: /ˈmɑːrlbərə, ˈmɔːl-/) is an American brand of cigarettes, currently owned and manufactured by Philip Morris USA (a branch of Altria) within the United States, and by Philip Morris International (now separate from Altria) outside the United States. Richmond, Virginia, is the location of the largest Marlboro cigarette manufacturing plant. Marlboro is the global best-selling cigarette brand since 1972. As of 2017, Marlboro had 40% market share in the United States, more than the next 7 competing brands combined..