 Tim Kaine on Wednesday responded to 14-year-old comments he made that President Bill Clinton should have resigned in the wake of the Monica Lewinsky scandal. "Twenty years ago, I was disappointed like a lot of folks were, but I tell ya, there is no reason to re-litigate problems of 20 years ago when Americans want to talk about is what do we do today and tomorrow," he said, adding that voters on the campaign trail care more about the economy and foreign affairs than "past controversies." "They want to know what we are going to do tomorrow," Kaine said. During an unrelated 2002 sex scandal in the Virginia House of Delegates, Kaine had told the Richmond Times Dispatch: "If the allegations are true, he should definitely resign." Tires with the highest rates of failure were manufactured in the months right before the union went on strike but after labor negotiations had begun, and later after union workers began to cross the picket line and work without a contract alongside replacement workers. Other Firestone factories (Joliette, Quebec and Wilson, North Carolina) also produced the same tire models but had far lower failure rates. Failure rates at the Decatur plant before the labor negotiations began, while the replacement workers worked without union workers, and after the labor negotiations ended, were comparable to the failure rate of tires manufactured at the Joliette and Wilson plants. In a deposition retired Firestone workers testified that quality control problems at the Decatur factory could have led workers to manufacture defective tires. One worker stated that, despite getting a company discount, he'd stopped purchasing Firestone tires years before the crisis developed because of quality control problems. Others stated that they had to inspect as many as 100 tires per hour which they believed were far too many tires to do an adequate job; that they were told to sign off on tires that they didn't actually inspect; that they rolled unvulcanized tire carcasses, also called a "green tire", across the factory floor which could allow debris from the floor to end up inside a completed tire; that they used an awl to puncture bubbles in tires; and that they were told to use a solvent similar to benzene on tire adhesives that had lost its tack from sitting too long in a humid factory. Organic solvents are commonly used in the tire industry as an ingredient in adhesives used to bond rubber components together.