One of the most controversial and upfront moves of the so-called "kitchen sink" strategy against Obama had been an ad entitled "Children" which Clinton aired in Texas concerning a 3 am phone call at the White House during a world crisis and touting Clinton's national security credentials. Many political commentators compared the Clinton ad to one used in the 1984 Democratic primary by Walter Mondale against Gary Hart. Obama responded with a similar ad on the same day claiming that Clinton lacked the judgment to deal with a world crisis because of her vote for the Iraq War. Clinton gave her harshest rebuke of Obama yet on March 3 when she repeatedly stated that she and Senator McCain had foreign policy experience while Obama only had a speech.  For those who thought the unusual story line related to Donald Trump's hands had left the 2016 campaign trail with Sen. Marco Rubio, Hillary Clinton does not appear quite ready to let it go. The former secretary of state has mentioned the need for "steady hands" twice in the last two days, a not-so-subtle reference to the Republican front-runner's habit of publicly defending the size of his hands. Clinton told CNN's Wolf Blitzer on Tuesday that she had no interest in responding to Trump's "constant stream of insults," in reference to Trump's habit of taking colorful shots at his campaign opponents on the trail and on social media. "Let me talk about what I will do, what I have done and what kind of commander and chief I will be. In part the tension resulted from the historical coincidence of the first viable female presidential candidate, and the first viable African American candidate, running against each other in the same nomination race. One South Carolina pastor lamented that he had been waiting all his life for either "first" to happen, and said, "I really hate that they had to run at the same time in the same election. It just makes what should be a wonderful situation very stressful for folk like me. I never imagined you could have too much of a good thing."