 Two more Secret Service members have resigned over a Colombia prostitution scandal, the agency said Tuesday, while another member is being forced out and two more were cleared of serious misconduct. The latest resignations brought to nine the total number of members who have resigned or are being forced out because of the controversy, with three others cleared of the most serious allegations but still facing possible administrative discipline. A total of 24 people -- 12 Secret Service members and 12 U.S. military members -- were under investigation in the alleged prostitution scandal. Military officials are carrying out a separate investigation of their personnel.  A member of the U.S. military assigned to the White House Communications Agency is under investigation in connection with alleged misconduct in Colombia, bringing to 12 the total number of military personnel being reviewed, officials said Monday. One Defense Department official said the military member admitted to his leadership that he was involved in misconduct "of some kind" while in Colombia for the recent Summit of the Americas attended by President Barack Obama. The  agency is a non-White House office that provides the president with secure communications while he travels. It is staffed by members of the military who report through the Defense Information Systems Agency.  The White House has ignored a deadline to provide answers to a senior Senate Republican about the Secret Service prostitution scandal, an aide to Sen. Charles Grassley said Friday. Grassley wants details about an internal administration investigation into any possible role that White House advance staff members may have had in the incident. The Secret Service has been rocked by allegations of transgressions by its agents, including reported heavy drinking and consorting with prostitutes this month before President Barack Obama arrived in Cartagena, Colombia, for the Summit of the Americas. On Monday, Grassley sent a letter to White House Counsel Kathryn Ruemmler, demanding answers to how and why her office conducted the review.