 Sen. Tim Kaine on Tuesday blasted the 2008 plea deal that Labor Secretary Alex Acosta -- then the US attorney in Miami -- helped secure for multi-millionaire Jeffrey Epstein, calling it "a sweetheart deal" that allowed Epstein to continue engaging in illegal behavior. The 2008 non-prosecution deal that Acosta oversaw allowed Epstein to plead guilty to two state prostitution charges and serve just 13 months in prison despite a federal investigation identifying 36 underage abuse victims. The deal has come under renewed scrutiny after Epstein was charged Monday with having allegedly operated a sex trafficking ring in which he allegedly sexually abused dozens of underage girls. "The deal that Secretary Acosta cut was illegal, it was secret and they hid it from the victims," the Virginia Democrat told CNN's Jake Tapper on "The Lead."  During a week in which the nation's biggest news story is the arrest of the shady financier and pal of President Trump Jeffrey Epstein on charges of operating a sex trafficking ring in which he abused underage girls, (Epstein has pleaded not guilty), Trump is sending quite a message. Let's recall, first, what Trump told New York magazine in 2002. "I've known Jeff for 15 years. Terrific guy.  Multi-millionaire Jeffrey Epstein pleaded not guilty Monday after he was indicted on charges that he operated a sex trafficking ring in which he sexually abused dozens of underage girls. We're wrapping up our live coverage, but in case you missed it, here are what you need to know about today's hearing: The arrest: Epstein, 66, was arrested Saturday night at Teterboro Airport in New Jersey aboard his private jet upon returning from Paris. Later that evening, federal agents executed a search warrant of Epstein's mansion in New York City and seized a "vast trove" of lewd photographs of young-looking women or girls, prosecutors said in a bail memorandum. The charges: He is charged with one count of sex trafficking of minors and one count of conspiracy to engage in sex trafficking of minors.