 A leading Christian magazine founded by late evangelist Billy Graham -- father of key presidential supporter Franklin Graham -- published an op-ed on Thursday calling for President Donald Trump to be removed from office and urging evangelicals not to support him. "Whether Mr. Trump should be removed from office by the Senate or by popular vote next election—that is a matter of prudential judgment," Christianity Today's editor in chief, Mark Galli, wrote in the op-ed. "That he should be removed, we believe, is not a matter of partisan loyalties but loyalty to the Creator of the Ten Commandments." Galli, who told CNN's John Berman on Friday he is leaving the publication, continued, "We believe the impeachment hearings have made it absolutely clear, in a way the Mueller investigation did not, that President Trump has abused his authority for personal gain and betrayed his constitutional oath. On December 23, 2019, Napp Nazworth, an approximately a ten year veteran of the publication and an editor for Christian Post, resigned because the magazine planned to publish an article supporting President Trump after he became the subject of an editorial by a peer publication, Christianity Today, in which Mark Galli called for the removal of the president on December 19, 2019, following the impeachment. Nazworth stated that he could not "be an editor for a publication with that editorial voice" and resigned from the Christian Post as its political editor. Two days after The Christian Post published the pro-Trump editorial, they published a countering editorial in favor of Trump's removal from office.  The editor in chief of a leading Christian magazine who wrote an op-ed that called for Donald Trump to be removed from office said Friday he doesn't believe his comments will shake the President's strong hold on evangelicals, which is a critical part of his political base. Mark Galli of Christianity Today, which was founded by late evangelist Billy Graham, made headlines Thursday when he called Trump a "grossly immoral character" and said the need to remove him was not about "partisan loyalties but loyalty to the Creator of the Ten Commandments." But in speaking to CNN's John Berman on "New Day" Friday, Galli, who is leaving the publication in two weeks, said he is not optimistic that his editorial will sway Trump's support among white evangelicals. "Oh no," he told Berman.