 Prosecutors could have never won a trial to convict Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson in the shooting death of Michael Brown and the grand jury's decision not to indict Wilson was the right call, former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani said Tuesday. "I believe it was a correct verdict. In fact, I think it was the only verdict the grand jury could reach," Giuliani told CNN's New Day. Giuliani, who also served six years as a U.S. attorney, said the case against Wilson failed the two tests that should be considered in weighing an indictment: whether there is probable cause and whether a prosecutor could clinch a conviction.  Members of the Congressional Black Caucus gave voice to the frustrations of demonstrators who gathered in Ferguson, Missouri, as well as places like Washington, D.C., Monday night to protest a grand jury's decision not to indict police officer Darren Wilson in the shooting death of Michael Brown. Rep. Marcia Fudge, the caucus' chair, called the grand jury's decision a "slap in the face to Americans nationwide" in a statement released just moments after St. Louis County prosecutor Robert McCulloch  announced the grand jury's decision. "This decision seems to underscore an unwritten rule that Black lives hold no value; that you may kill Black men in this country without consequences or repercussions," Fudge said, calling the decision a "miscarriage of justice." Complete coverage of what's happening in Ferguson  The shooting of Brown, an unarmed black teenager, at the hands of Wilson, who is white, drove locals and activists around the country to the streets of Ferguson this summer and again this week in anticipation of a grand jury announcement which many hoped would at least deliver a trial in the shooting.  Some people here just wanted the drama to end. Others say it can never end, not as long as a white cop can shoot an unarmed black teenager to death without consequences. On the street in front of Ferguson's police station on Monday night, the tension crackled as hundreds of people awaited a grand jury's decision and chanted demands for an indictment. They were denied.