 The White House is seeking to distance President Donald Trump from the indictments of two former campaign officials, claiming that the charges have nothing to do with Trump's campaign or his presidency. These claims, which track with the Trump administration's earlier attempts to inoculate the President from his former campaign chairman Paul Manafort and former Trump campaign official Rick Gates, set up the argument that the President's successful campaign was staffed by people with criminal ties, but did not engage in criminal behavior itself. Both Manafort and Gates were indicated by special counsel Robert Mueller on Monday. White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said Monday's actions from the special counsel have "nothing to do with the President, nothing to do with the President's campaign or campaign activity" and proves there is "no evidence of Trump-Russia collusion."  President Donald Trump on Tuesday sought to downplay the indictments of former top campaign aides even calling one of his campaign advisers, who pleaded guilty to making a false statement to the FBI, a "low-level  volunteer." But during his campaign, he touted the adviser, George Papadopoulos, as an "excellent guy" as he sought to beef up his foreign policy staff. "The Fake News is working overtime. As Paul Manaforts  lawyer said, there was 'no collusion' and events mentioned took place long before he came to the campaign.  The dramatic intensification of the Russia investigation on Monday reignited President Donald Trump's fury at the controversy clouding his presidency, prompting his aides to urgently advise him against lashing out at special counsel Robert Mueller as they work to revive a halting policy agenda. Watching the developments unfold on the large television screens installed in his private residence, Trump was "seething," according to a Republican close to the White House. The indictments on Monday of campaign aides Paul Manafort and Rick Gates weren't a surprise to Trump, according to people who have spoken with the President. Trump has long assumed that members of his presidential campaign would be swept up in Mueller's probe.