 Only minutes after President Donald Trump gave his first prime-time address from the Oval Office, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer took to the airwaves to blame him for the partial government shutdown, which has now stretched to its 18th day, the second-longest ever. The back-to-back speeches deepened the sense that a solution won't present itself any time soon, revealing yet again the lack of support on Capitol Hill for Trump's wall -- and the President's rigid response to the Democrats' unwillingness to haggle. "President Trump must stop holding the American people hostage, must stop manufacturing a crisis and must reopen the government," Pelosi said. For weeks, the President and congressional Democrats have been at an impasse over his demand for $5.7 billion in federal funding to build a wall on the US-Mexico border.  On Wednesday, the President of the United States stormed out of a meeting with top congressional leaders after House Speaker Nancy Pelosi refused to support money in the federal budget for the border wall he has long championed. After he left -- or maybe as he was leaving -- Trump took to Twitter to bash Pelosi -- and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer. He tweeted: "Just left a meeting with Chuck and Nancy, a total waste of time. I asked what is going to happen in 30 days if I quickly open things up, are you going to approve Border Security which includes a Wall or Steel Barrier?  The Democratic leaders struck on a great slogan when they started talking about the "Trump Shutdown" during the famous televised Oval Office meeting with President Trump last month. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer warned Trump that the blame for a government shutdown would fall on him, but the President happily accepted the responsibility and said, "I am proud to shut down the government for border security." Both Pelosi and Schumer have since repeated the phrase "Trump Shutdown," but it's not actually the most accurate description of what's going on. This is really the Republican Shutdown, or maybe the Grand Old Party's Dysfunctional Moment, and it's vital that we be clear about what is going on.