 North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has arrived in Vietnam in his heavily armored train, ahead of his two day summit with US President Donald Trump in the capital Hanoi. The summit, the second since the two leaders met in Singapore last June, is expected to build upon their agreement to "work toward complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula." Critics say that meeting -- the first between a North Korean leader and a sitting US president -- failed to produce concrete action in getting the North to give up its nuclear weapons. After a two-and-a-half-day trip that covered about 2,800 miles overland, Kim arrived Tuesday to a red carpet welcome at 8:15 a.m. local time at the Dong Dang railway station in the border town of Dong Dang in Vietnam's Lang Song province.  President Donald Trump's Hanoi summit with Kim Jong Un, meant to demonstrate his diplomatic gamble with North Korea is working, instead ended with no joint agreement after Kim insisted all US sanctions be lifted on his country. That was a bridge too far for the US President, who said Kim offered to take some steps toward dismantling his nuclear arsenal but not enough to warrant ending the debilitating sanctions regime on the country. "Sometimes you have to walk," Trump said during a news conference following the conclusion of the summit, which broke up earlier than planned. "This was just one of those times."  House Speaker Nancy Pelosi argued on Thursday that Kim Jong Un was "a big winner" in the latest negotiations between President Donald Trump and the North Korean leader since he once again had the opportunity to "sit face to face" with the President of the United States, but she said that Trump did the right thing by ultimately walking away from the talks. The President has been in Hanoi, Vietnam, for a summit that ended with no joint agreement between the US and North Korea after Kim insisted all US sanctions be lifted on his country. "What we want is denuclearization," Pelosi said at her weekly news conference, referring to the US goal of getting North Korea to give up its nuclear weapons. "They didn't agree to it in the first meeting.