In the First Congress of Universities that took place at Mexico City, the Rector Diaz de Leon supported the socialist education, but when he tried to carry it out in Guadalajara, several student's protests happened. As a result of the protests the Governor, Sebastian Allende decided to close the University of Guadalajara again. However, to prevent the Autonomous University of Guadalajara to take the historic name of University of Guadalajara, the State Congress reopened the University and named Constancio Hernandez Alvirde as its twenty ninth Rector. The maximum leader of the revolution, Plutarco Elias Calles, warned that despite the fuss caused by state-controlled organizations in preparation for the implementation of Marxist teaching, the bulk of the civil society refused, saying it was just a bridge to the establishment of communism in Mexico, so he decided to personally intervene in one of the most critical areas of confrontation: Guadalajara, where the propellers of university autonomy and freedom of education had controlled the student federation. On July 20, 1934 he spoke to the people of Jalisco specifically on the reform of Article 3 of the Constitution, him being a former president, his message was known as the "Grito de Guadalajara", he appointed his own successor as president Lázaro Cárdenas del Río. After such serious allegations it reaffirmed the conviction of the libertarian side, yet accelerated the progress of the reform and the 23rd Legislative Commission, headed by Alberto Bremauntz and Alberto Coria, delivered to congress his proposed constitutional amendment, by publishing in the press two days later. The reform of article 3 of the Constitution, during the last year of the presidency of General Abelardo Rodriguez, the issue of socialist education went from college to all social areas, since December 1933. The University of Guadalajara (Spanish: Universidad de Guadalajara) is a public higher education institution in the Mexican city of Guadalajara. The University has several high schools as well as graduate and undergraduate campuses, which are distributed all over the state of Jalisco, Mexico. It is regarded as the most significant university in the state and the second in the country, only behind the National Autonomous University of Mexico. Chronologically, based on its foundation, is the second oldest in Mexico, the seventeenth in North America and the fourteenth in Latin America.