 Football players at Northwestern University are seeking to join a labor union, according to the College Athletes Players Association, which wants to be the first union to represent college athletes. Ramogi Huma, president of the National College Players Association (NCPA) announced the formation of the related union Tuesday, which filed a petition with the regional office of the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB). With the backing of the United Steelworkers union, Huma says he has gotten signatures of support from an undisclosed number of Northwestern football players. Huma, a former college athlete himself, Northwestern quarterback Kain Colter and Steelworkers President Leo Gerard met with reporters in Chicago Tuesday to discuss the organizing effort. Many of the faculty and instructors at NU-Q are not tenured which puts some limits on academic freedom for the professors. This leaves these professors answerable to the NU-Q Dean, a situation that is not dissimilar to faculty members at Northwestern's Evanston Campus. In Qatar, however, a report by Stephen Eiesenman, former President of Northwestern Faculty Senate, pointed out that the Dean has much more authority than in the United States. Additionally, if a faculty member is no longer employed by NU-Q, they must leave the country, forcing them to uproot their lives there, a situation which no doubt puts pressure on the faculty member to work within the confines of a more limited set of academic and intellectual freedoms. The mascot of Northwestern Athletics is Willie the Wildcat. The first mascot, however, was a live, caged bear cub from the Lincoln Park Zoo named Furpaw who was brought to the playing field on the day of a game to greet the fans. But after a losing season, the team, deciding that Furpaw was to blame for its misfortune, banished him from campus forever. Willie the Wildcat made his debut in 1933 first as a logo, and then in three dimensions in 1947, when members of the Alpha Delta fraternity dressed as wildcats during a Homecoming Parade.