 President Barack Obama, to the chagrin of some Democrats, has spent much of 2018 on the sidelines to what top party operatives believe is a generational fight against President Donald Trump. That ends Friday, Obama advisers tell CNN, when the former president unveils his midterm message in a speech that will be a more pointed rebuke of Trump's first years in office. The speech at the University of Illinois-Urbana Champaign comes ahead of Obama's first campaign events of the midterms: A rally for a handful of Democratic congressional candidates in California on Saturday and an event for Richard Cordray, the Democratic gubernatorial candidate in Ohio, on September 13. Obama is also planning campaign trips to Illinois and Pennsylvania in September, an Obama official said, as well as a New York fundraiser for the National Democratic Redistricting Committee, an organization led former Attorney General Eric Holder, Obama's longtime friend.  "What happened to the Republican Party?" That's the question former President Barack Obama asked in a speech at the University of Illinois on Friday, taking direct aim at not only the presidency of Donald Trump but also at the broader Republican Party's capitulation to him. It's easy to dismiss Obama's speech on Friday as nothing more than a disgruntled politician settling scores in an effort to motivate his side to turn out in the coming midterm elections. "Barack Obama had 8 years to complete his hope & change in America, and the only change agent has been President Trump," said White House director of strategic communications Mercedes Schlapp within moments of Obama concluding his speech.  Former President Barack Obama is coming back to the spotlight. In his second major address in the span of one week — the first coming with his powerful eulogy to the late Sen. John McCain that warned of the dangers facing democracy — Obama will launch his midterm campaign tour to help Democrats retake control of the US Congress. Following a speech at the University of Illinois on Friday, he will take off to Irvine, California, where he will speak at an event for seven Democrats running in Republican districts, and then continue on to other regions. His reappearance on the public square is an important development at a moment when President Donald Trump's governing style has generated tremendous concern about the stability of our democratic institutions.