 While the presidential election has topped the news much of the year, it has been pushed aside by Sandy as the storm crashed into the East Coast. Both President Barack Obama and Mitt Romney, their running mates, and backers have pretty much curtailed campaigning, some fundraising and advertising as they wait to see the severity of damage from the storm. Sandy overshadows candidates on Facebook Here are five things to watch for in the storm and its aftermath:  1. Playing the commander-in-chief card President Barack Obama canceled his appearance at a campaign event in Florida on Monday to return to Washington to monitor the federal government's preparation and emergency response for the hurricane.  As millions of Americans began to cast ballots, the deadly storm that swamped the eastern United States this week struck the presidential election as well, forcing the candidates and voters to navigate around the nasty weather. "The election will take care of itself. Right now, our number one priority is to make sure that we are saving lives," said President Barack Obama, who cancelled campaign appearances for emergency meetings and disaster scene visits that generated plenty of politically helpful publicity. Republican Mitt Romney's aides announced he would suspend campaigning "out of sensitivity for the millions of Americans in the path of Hurricane Sandy."  As Sandy took aim at the East Coast, President Barack Obama discarded campaign events in Florida and Virginia to return to Washington and address the storm from the White House. Obama visits Red Cross: 'Storm is not yet over' Mitt Romney adjusted his schedule to hit the battleground state of Ohio and direct campaign resources in Virginia and New Hampshire to focus on storm relief. Romney on storm aftermath: 'People are hurting' The candidates sought to balance the real threat of a killer storm against the need to squeeze out any last-minute advantages in battleground states ahead of next Tuesday's vote. For the next few days, routine campaigning may be put on the shelf.