During Obama's tenure, the battle over the Keystone XL Pipeline became a major issue, with advocates arguing that it would contribute to economic growth and environmentalists arguing that its approval would contribute to global warming. The proposed 1,000-mile (1,600 km) pipeline would have connected Canada's oil sands with the Gulf of Mexico. Because the pipeline crossed international boundaries, its construction required the approval of the US federal government, and the US State Department engaged in a lengthy review process. President Obama vetoed a bill to construct the Keystone Pipeline in February 2015, arguing that the decision of approval should rest with the executive branch.  When President Barack Obama rejected a bill approving the Keystone pipeline Tuesday, he opened a new era of governing -- one where vetoes are a lot more common. Republicans are set to pass a long list of bills that would have never made it to the President's desk in the first six years of his presidency, when Democrats controlled the Senate. The White House, in turn, has been pumping out veto threats on a weekly basis. In the latest, issued Wednesday, the administration vows to deny a GOP bill rewriting the No Child Left Behind education measure, saying the legislation "represents a significant step backwards in the efforts to help all of the Nation's children and their families prepare for their futures."  President Barack Obama, exercising his veto power for the first time in five years, rejected on Tuesday a measure green-lighting the construction of the controversial Keystone XL pipeline. Obama's signature denying the Keystone bill kicks off what's expected to be a flurry of vetoes on measures that Republicans will send to the White House now they control both chambers of Congress. The President has already threatened to reject 13 GOP-sponsored pieces of legislation, including bills rolling back the Affordable Care Act and reversing his executive action on immigration. SEE ALSO: Meet the pen Obama used to veto Keystone XL On Keystone, it appears unlikely GOP lawmakers will be able to reverse Obama's veto.