 As President Donald Trump urged yet another foreign government to investigate one of his political rivals -- this time in full view of cameras and microphones -- White House aides and allies of the President were bracing for a bitter standoff with Congress. White House officials have begun attempts to piece together the timeline and circumstances surrounding the President's now infamous call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, one White House official said. Meanwhile, White House lawyers were drafting a letter to lawmakers insisting that none of their requests would be fulfilled until the House formally votes to open an impeachment inquiry. The developments reflect the first outlines of an administration plan to confront the growing impeachment crisis, which has proceeded at rapid pace since details of the President's conversation with Ukraine emerged last week. Richard Nixon's first chief of staff, H. R. Haldeman, garnered a reputation in Washington for the iron hand he wielded in the position—famously referring to himself as "the president's son-of-a-bitch", he was a rigid gatekeeper who would frequently meet with administration officials in place of the president, then report himself to Nixon on the officials' talking points. Journalist Bob Woodward, in his books All the President's Men and The Secret Man, wrote that many of his sources, including the famous Deep Throat, displayed a genuine fear of Haldeman. Assistant to the president became a rank generally shared by the chief of staff with such senior aides as deputy chiefs of staff, the White House counsel, the White House press secretary, and others. This new system did not catch on immediately. Democrats Kennedy and Johnson still relied on their appointments secretaries instead, and it was not until the Nixon administration that the chief of staff took over maintenance of the President's schedule. This concentration of power in the Nixon and Ford White House (whose last chief of staff was Dick Cheney) led presidential candidate Jimmy Carter to campaign in 1976 with the promise that he would not appoint a chief of staff.