 As Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed a special counsel to investigate the President and his associates, he imposed on Donald Trump something he has spent a lifetime avoiding -- accountability. In a sober moment, even The Donald might admit he had it coming, though his tweet Thursday morning calling the move part of a "witch hunt" against him suggests that he still sees himself as untouchable. In not yet four months as President, Trump has tested the limits of every institution that exists to prevent the chief executive of the United States from becoming a despot. Congress responded with investigations of his connections to Russia.  For a presidency pegged on unpredictability, there's been one constant for Donald Trump these last two weeks: A series of absolutely horrible, largely self-inflicted political wounds. The week started with a report Monday in The Washington Post that Trump had disclosed highly classified information to Russia Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak during a recent Oval Office meeting. While the White House pushed back on the disclosures as "wholly appropriate" -- in national security adviser H.R. McMaster's words -- they urged news organizations not to report on the actual information Trump told the Russians because it was so sensitive. Among several State Department employees testifying to congressional committees in October 2019, William Taylor, the chargé d'affaires for Ukraine, testified that soon after arriving in Ukraine in June 2019, he found that Zelensky was being subjected to pressure from a private initiative directed by Trump and led by Giuliani. According to Taylor and others, the goal was to coerce Zelensky into making a public commitment to investigate the company that employed Hunter Biden, as well as rumors about Ukrainian involvement in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. He said it was made clear that until Zelensky made such an announcement, the administration would not release scheduled military aid for Ukraine and not invite Zelensky to the White House. Zelensky denied that he felt pressured by Trump.