After the last episode of the first season was broadcast, Nolan and Joy revealed that they had operated on a strict "need-to-know" basis with most of the actors, in order to "keep the story as fresh and present for them as possible." For example, in Wood's case, they gave her strange acting directions without explaining why, and it took a while for Wood to infer she was actually playing five distinct characters within the same host: four different behavioral modes for Dolores, plus Wyatt. By contrast, Hopkins was made aware of Ford's general story arc up front (at the time he was pitched the role) to ensure he could fully convey the complexity of the character in his performance. Even with that knowledge, Hopkins was given heavily redacted scripts, and had to insist on access to complete scripts. Columbia Business School has played a significant role in shaping the principles of the Value Investor, with professors and students making their mark on history and on each other. Ben Graham’s book, The Intelligent Investor, was Warren Buffett’s bible and he referred to it as "the greatest book on investing ever written.”A young Warren Buffett studied under Ben Graham, took his course and worked for his small investment firm, Graham Newman, from 1954 to 1956. Twenty years after Ben Graham, Roger Murray arrived and taught value investing to a young student named Mario Gabelli. About a decade or so later, Bruce Greenwald arrived and produced his own protégés, including Paul Sonkin—just as Ben Graham had Buffett as a protégé, and Roger Murray had Gabelli. The second season follows in the aftermath of Dolores' uprising, as she recruits a number of hosts to fight off arriving Delos security forces while looking for the key to the Valley Beyond, believed by the Ghost Nation to be a door to the next world. Maeve continues to search for her daughter, learning that there are other parks like Westworld. William finds that Ford has left him clues to find "the door", a new game for him to play, during which he encounters his estranged daughter Emily, who blames him for her mother's death. Delusional, William abandons Emily, thinking she is a host.