 Democratic presidential candidate Marianne Williamson said that her comments on race during Tuesday night's CNN debate stood out due to the "passion" with which she addressed the issue. Williamson earned applause and cheers during the CNN debate when she defended her plan to offer $200 billion to $500 billion in reparations to the descendants of enslaved Africans in this country. Williamson, the only candidate on the stage to offer a specific financial proposal on reparations, called the funding plan "politically feasible" and "a debt that is owed." "We need to recognize when it comes to the economic gap between black and whites in America, it does come from a great injustice that has never been dealt with," she said Tuesday.  A group of six Michigan voters are wrestling with what kind of Democratic candidate they believe can take on President Donald Trump in 2020. Five Democrats and one independent voter, some of whom worked on Democratic campaigns, sat down with CNN on "New Day" to size up the Democratic field ahead of CNN's Democratic presidential debates in Detroit Tuesday and Wednesday night. The panel exemplifies the struggle among Democrats as to whether their nominee should be moderate or more progressive, practical or bold, in their desire to beat Trump in 2020. Edith Suttles likes former Vice President Joe Biden so far, because she believes he's "competent politically" and "solid in foreign relations."  As her rivals for the Democratic presidential nomination battled over Medicare for All and the intricacies of federal immigration law during Tuesday's debate, spiritual author Marianne Williamson had a message for them: Wonky won't win. Time and again on the debate stage, she countered policy talk with sweeping language that cast the 2020 presidential race as a fight between darkness and light. Her comments get at a larger critique of the Democratic Party she has made before: Plans won't defeat Donald Trump in 2020. She noted in the first debate that Trump didn't win in 2016 by having a plan but by having a message.