In June 2017, The Guardian reported that a software bug had exposed the personal details of 1,000 Facebook workers involved in reviewing and removing terrorism content, by displaying their profiles in the "Activity" logs of Facebook groups related to terrorism efforts,. In Facebook's Dublin, Ireland headquarters, six individuals were determined to be "high priority" victims of the error, after the company concluded that their profiles were likely viewed by potential terrorists in groups such as ISIS, Hezbollah and the Kurdistan Workers' Party. The bug itself, discovered in November 2016 and fixed two weeks later, was active for one month, and had also been retroactively exposing censored personal accounts from August 2016. One affected worker had fled Ireland, gone into hiding, and only returned to Ireland after five months due to a lack of money. In July 2017, GMA News reported that "a number" of secret Facebook groups that had been engaging in illegal activity of sharing "obscene" photos of women had been exposed, with the Philippine National Bureau of Investigation warning group members of the possibility of being liable for violating child pornography and anti-voyeurism laws. Facebook stated that it would remove the groups as violations of its community guidelines. A few days later, GMA News had an interview with one of the female victims targeted by one of the groups, who stated that she received friend requests from strangers and inappropriate messages. After reporting to authorities, the Philippine National Police's anti-cybercrime unit promised to take action in finding the accounts responsible.  The apparent lack of coordination between Facebook and Twitter regarding the threat posed by Russia will come under scrutiny when Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg and Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey appear before the Senate Intelligence Committee next month, a congressional source with knowledge of the situation told CNN. After its stock plunged last week, Facebook earned some much-needed positive publicly on Tuesday when it announced it had detected and removed a network of suspicious accounts from its platform that were organizing political events across the United States. However, sometime after Facebook's announcement, Twitter reached out to lawmakers on the Senate Intelligence Committee questioning why it had taken Facebook so long to remove the accounts, the source said. The source said that lawmakers investigating the malicious use of social media platforms by Russian trolls had seen some improved coordination between the companies over the past 12 months, but that this week has been a cause for concern, and that coordination or the lack thereof would now be an area lawmakers would be looking into.