 Facebook announced Thursday that it had designated some high-profile people, including Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan, who's notorious for using anti-Semitic language, and right-wing conspiracy theorist Alex Jones, as "dangerous" and said it will be purging them from its platforms. Jones and his media outlet InfoWars had previously been banned from Facebook in August 2018, but had maintained a presence on Instagram, which is owned by Facebook. On Thursday, Jones and InfoWars will be barred from Instagram as well. Other people banned on Thursday included Paul Nehlen, an anti-Semite who unsuccessfully ran for Congress in 2016 and 2018, and fringe right-wing media personalities Laura Loomer, Milo Yiannopoulos and Paul Joseph Watson.  Tech CEOs have been invited to a summit of world leaders in Paris next month to agree on ways of preventing terrorists from using their platforms. New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern said Wednesday that she and French President Emmanuel Macron would host the meeting to discuss how to end extremist activity on social media in the wake of recent terror attacks. Last month, a video of attacks that killed over 50 people at mosques in Christchurch was live-streamed on Facebook and shared on YouTube, Twitter and other outlets. The companies were heavily criticized for failing to curb the spread of that footage.  Facebook announced Thursday it was banning "dangerous individuals" such as noted conspiracy theorist Alex Jones, alt-right figures Paul Nehlen, Laura Loomer and Milo Yiannopoulos, as well as known anti-Semites like Louis Farrakhan from both Facebook and Instagram. A spokesperson at Facebook said it will also remove pages, groups and accounts set up on their behalf and will not promote events in which those people are participating. Good riddance, we might say. The corrosive and cancerous ideas these individuals peddle have infected our politics, our media, our public discourse, our social fabric and our very sense of security.