 President Barack Obama vowed on Tuesday to name an "indisputably" qualified Supreme Court nominee and lashed out at Republicans who he said demand a strict interpretation of the Constitution --  except regarding his right to propose a new justice. The President staked out a tough position after Republicans warned he would not get a vote on his eventual nominee to replace the late Justice Antonin Scalia. The GOP is arguing that filling the seat on the nation's highest bench should be left to the next president. "The Constitution is pretty clear about what is supposed to happen now," Obama said during his first press conference since Scalia's passing over the weekend.  The Obama administration did not wait long before working on options to replace the late Justice Antonin Scalia on the Supreme Court. The process began Saturday night with conference calls among the president's legal team, followed by meetings Sunday to begin drawing up a list of possible names, according to two people who have been involved in the past two Obama Supreme Court nominations and remain close to the administration. The White House already has a small list of people for whom deep background research was done when they were finalists for the last two openings on the court or other top jobs, like attorney general. Even though he is on the West Coast for a summit with Southeast Asian leaders, Obama has been in touch with his senior team to plot his Supreme Court nomination process, and White House officials have communicated with Republicans and Democrats on Capitol Hill, the White House said Monday.  House Speaker Paul Ryan backs Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's strategy to block any nomination by President Barack Obama to fill the vacant seat on the Supreme Court after the sudden death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia. "The Supreme Court is not an extension of the White House. The President has absolutely every right to nominate someone to the Supreme Court, but Congress as an equal branch also has every right not to confirm someone," Ryan told his hometown paper, the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. Ryan said Senate Republicans are "justified" in not holding a vote on a replacement put forth by President Barack Obama, pointing to the presidential campaign.