 Boris Johnson was criticized by party leaders and represented by a dripping ice sculpture after refusing to appear in a televised election debate focusing on climate change, sparking a row between the UK broadcaster and the Prime Minister's Conservative Party. The Conservatives complained to the UK's broadcasting watchdog Ofcom ahead of the Channel 4 event, which saw Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, Liberal Democrat Jo Swinson and the heads of the UK's other main parties quizzed on their plans to tackle the climate crisis ahead of next month's poll. The party said its offer of having minister Michael Gove stand in for Johnson was rejected by Channel 4, complaining the decision "effectively seeks to deprive the Conservative Party of any representation and attendance at the Channel 4 News debate." The network said the event was only for party leaders, and opposition leaders have lambasted Johnson for dodging scrutiny by refusing to appear. During the 2017 general election campaign, Jeremy Newmark, the chairman of the Jewish Labour Movement, said that "Jeremy Corbyn appears to have failed to understand the nature of contemporary anti-Semitism in the same way that it's understood by most of its target group". Labour MP Wes Streeting criticised the party's record on antisemitism, saying "I don't think many Jewish voters in my constituency have been very impressed with the way the Labour Party as a whole have responded", but denied that Corbyn was antisemitic. According to polling in 2015, politicians' attitudes towards Israel influence the vote of three out of four British Jews.  The UK's Chief Rabbi has strongly criticized Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn over his handling of allegations of anti-Semitism, in an unprecedented intervention during the final weeks of the election campaign. Writing in The Times newspaper, Ephraim Mirvis said "British Jews are gripped by anxiety" at the prospect of Labour forming the next government, following the general election on December 12. Mirvis, who heads the United Hebrew Congregations of the Commonwealth, said Corbyn's claim that his party is doing all it can to tackle anti-Semitism is "a mendacious fiction." He said the manner in which allegations of anti-Semitism within the Labour Party had been handled was "incompatible with the British values of which we are so proud."