In January 2016, PETA released details of an investigation of Holmes Farm, a major supplier of live animals to Petsmart, Petco and Pet Supplies Plus, which highlighted abusive conditions at what is described as a complex of "filthy, windowless warehouses." Small animals such as rabbits, hamsters, rats, mice and gerbils were confined to overcrowded bins and often drank from contaminated water bowls or had no water altogether. Cats, who freely roamed around the facilities, regularly jumped in and out of bins and preyed on the animals within them. PETA's investigators reported that, during their observations, injured animals never received veterinary care, but instead were piled by the dozens in "feces-smeared coolers" and then gassed to death with carbon monoxide; others were put into ziplock bags and frozen to death. PETA also claims that the use of pest control glue traps within PetSmart stores is cruel. PETA feels that because the stores sell various species of rodents, that it is hypocritical for them to engage in rodent pest control. PetSmart counters that it is unfair to characterize its bird breeders as similar to puppy mills since these operations must meet the company's veterinarian established and industry leading standards for the breeding, care and transportation of these pets. Also, small pets sold in the stores are bred to be pets and should not be confused with wild rodents, which carry disease and are destructive to property.  Halle Berry's lawyers returned to court Tuesday to ask a Los Angeles judge to keep her child's father away from their daughter because of a Thanksgiving Day fight with Berry's fiance. The father, model Gabriel Aubry, claimed in a court filing Monday that the fiance, Olivier Martinez, ambushed him when he was dropping the daughter, 4-year-old Nahla, at Berry's Hollywood Hills home. Police arrested Aubry, 37, and charged him with misdemeanor battery, but he insisted he was not the aggressor in the fistfight, which sent him to a hospital. Berry, 46, and Aubry have been engaged in a bitter legal fight over custody of Nahla since their five-year romance ended in 2010.