 With time running out and the final debate next week on foreign policy, Tuesday night's showdown was the last best chance for President Barack Obama and Republican challenger Mitt Romney to win on the major issue of the campaign -- the economy. The contentious debate in New York featured pointed personal and political attacks by both men standing within arm's length of each other. Obama comes on strong, Romney stands ground in second debate Obama demonstrated two things -- he wants to keep his job and he listened to critics who panned him for being disengaged at their first debate two weeks ago. In Round Two, the president pulled few punches and attacked Romney from the start.  The undercard might have outperformed the main event. With both candidates seated feet from each other, Thursday's Kentucky showdown between Vice President Joe Biden and Rep. Paul Ryan was filled with moments of interruption, crosstalk and confrontation. Biden was quick to interrupt Ryan, sometimes looking to the rafters or rolling his eyes as Ryan answered -- and occasionally laughed or smiled at the younger congressman's answers. Ryan, on the other hand, regularly smirked at Biden, shook his head from time to time and, at one point, chided Biden for the interruptions.  A lively debate between Vice President Joe Biden and Republican rival Rep. Paul Ryan highlighted the differences in the two campaigns last night. Rep. Chris Van Hollen (D-MD), who played Ryan in the vice president’s debate prep, joins “Starting Point” to discuss both the style and substance of Biden’s performance. “All in all this was a great debate for the American people and the choice is clear today,” Van Hollen says. The vice president “did a great job,” he adds, demonstrating his passion for middle class issues while marshaling “the facts to show that the Romney-Ryan plan would be really bad for the middle class.”  Van Hollen dismisses criticism from some journalists that Biden was disrespectful in his facial expressions by laughing and eye-rolling while Ryan spoke.