 America may soon have yet another acting Cabinet official, as Labor Secretary Alex Acosta hangs by a thread over his links to a 2008 plea agreement for Jeffrey Epstein. Acosta, who as a US attorney in Miami signed off on what critics now say was a lenient non-prosecution agreement with the hedge fund manager, has become a liability for his boss in an episode that is casting a questionable light on some of President Donald Trump's own decision making. More than a decade on from Acosta's involvement in the case, Epstein's arrest in New York and indictment on charges of sex trafficking and child sexual abuse in Florida and his Manhattan home between 2002 and 2005 have reignited claims that Acosta breached public trust and is unfit for federal office. Epstein has pleaded not guilty to the charges.  During a week in which the nation's biggest news story is the arrest of the shady financier and pal of President Trump Jeffrey Epstein on charges of operating a sex trafficking ring in which he abused underage girls, (Epstein has pleaded not guilty), Trump is sending quite a message. Let's recall, first, what Trump told New York magazine in 2002. "I've known Jeff for 15 years. Terrific guy.  The billionaire Jeffrey Epstein's arrest on new charges of sex trafficking (he has pleaded not guilty) has focused national interest on his wide circle of powerful associates. For decades, Epstein cultivated an East Coast axis of elites, assembling an impressive roster of associations that range from the headmaster of a prestigious private school to President Donald Trump. The roster begins with Attorney General William Barr's father, Donald Barr, who, according to former FBI Assistant Director for Counterintelligence Frank Figliuzzi, hired Epstein to teach at the Dalton School in Manhattan. Epstein got the job despite being a college drop-out, and it put him in daily contact with the sons and daughters of Manhattan's elite    Serving the powerful is one way for people of modest backgrounds to rise socially and financially.