 President Donald Trump completed his lengthy five-country trip through Asia on Tuesday, putting the cap on a nearly two-week jaunt that saw the President begin to remake the United States' position in the world, while looking to usher consensus around confronting North Korea. The trip was a significant step for Trump, who had not ventured abroad since July, providing him with an opportunity to personally lean on countries in the region to do more to combat the rogue Asian nation, an issue that has become the President's premier foreign policy focus. But even as Trump sought to build consensus, he also stressed the need for countries in the region to remain sovereign, intimating to leaders in Asia that he will primarily focus on issues that impact the United States and not meddle in a foreign nation's domestic affairs. The shift remakes the United States' approach to the world, putting more of a focus on trade and the economy while lessening the emphasis on issues like human rights and regional conflicts. The White House "beat" concept that had been started during the Cleveland administration by reporter William Price was continued during the McKinley administration. Around the time of the outbreak of the Spanish–American War in 1898, the reporters covering the White House were invited into the mansion itself and provided with space to write, conduct interviews, and generally cover the White House. Now reporting from inside the White House, the reporters used their new location to interview guests entering or leaving the White House or confirm pieces of information from the president's secretaries as they passed through in the course of their duties. Reporters working in the White House did, however, honor an unspoken rule and refrain from asking the president himself a question if he happened to walk through their working area.  President Donald Trump, fresh off a five-country swing through Asia, sought Wednesday to cast his first 10 months on the world stage as an unmitigated success, claiming a "great American comeback" that has restored the US' standing in the world. The speech, which came as Trump fumed at press coverage of his trip, framed his accomplishments in terms of correcting the "mistakes" of his predecessors and following through on his promises to voters. But he offered no new announcements on trade or North Korea, two of the top issues he focused on during his trip. "I vowed that we would reaffirm old alliances and form new friendships in pursuit of shared goals.