Joint sessions of the United States Congress occur on special occasions that require a concurrent resolution from both House and Senate. These sessions include counting electoral votes after a presidential election and the president's State of the Union address. The constitutionally mandated report, normally given as an annual speech, is modeled on Britain's Speech from the Throne, was written by most presidents after Jefferson but personally delivered as a spoken oration beginning with Wilson in 1913. Joint Sessions and Joint Meetings are traditionally presided over by the speaker of the House, except when counting presidential electoral votes when the vice president (acting as the president of the Senate) presides.  Keeping up pressure on congressional Republicans after his State of the Union address, President Barack Obama launched three days of campaign-style speeches on Wednesday with a visit to a North Carolina manufacturing plant that he said epitomized his proposals for job creation. Obama toured the Linamar Corporation plant in Asheville before telling workers that Congress should pass his proposals laid out in Tuesday night's speech that call for more job training and ending tax subsidies that reward sending jobs overseas. "We've got to stop with some of the politics we see in Washington sometimes that focuses on who's up and who's down," he said. In all ways, the president appears to be "up" after a well-received annual address that continued to define the political and ideological divide with Republicans over the role and size of government, as well as how to reduce chronic federal deficits and rising debt.  FROM CNN WIRES: (CNN) -- The two men suspected of shooting to death a Chicago teenage girl are facing murder charges and will not get bond. Kenneth Williams, 20, and Michael Ward, 18, went before a judge Tuesday in their first courtroom appearance concerning the killing of Hadiya Pendleton, a 15-year-old who performed at a brunch before the January inauguration of President Obama. Police earlier said that Ward, who allegedly shot Pendleton, was on probation for unlawful use of a firearm. Hadiya's story has become a national example of the gun control issue in this country, and First Lady Michelle Obama invited parents Cleopatra and Nathaniel to the State of the Union Address last night, where President Obama strongly urged greater action.