 As Christmas draws close, over 2 billion people who identify as Christians -- by far the largest religious group in the world -- prepare for the happiest celebration of the liturgical year. This season is about the coming of Jesus, that miraculous moment known as the Incarnation, which quite literally means the "putting into flesh" of spirit. God became man, and Jesus, for those who follow him, became the Messiah, the Prince of Peace. Jesus represents a turning point in world history: Suddenly, the message of love was underscored, lifted and laid bare. While Jesus' early followers expected the immediate installment of the Kingdom of God, the delay of this cosmic event lead to a change in beliefs. In time, the belief that Jesus' resurrection signaled the imminent coming of the Kingdom of God, changed into a belief that Jesus would return at some indeterminate  time in the future, the Second Coming c.q. Parousia, heralding the expected endtime. When the Kingdom of God did not arrive, Christians' beliefs gradually changed into the expectation of an immediate reward in heaven after death, rather than to a future divine kingdom on Earth, despite the churches' continuing to use the major creeds' statements of belief in a coming resurrection day and world to come. While the LDS Church has been clear about its disagreements with many of the theologies and practices of other religions and seeks actively to convert all people to its own teachings, it has also always adopted a policy of toleration for others and defended the rights of all people to worship God freely. Article 11 of the church's Articles of Faith written by Joseph Smith states, "We claim the privilege of worshiping Almighty God according to the dictates of our own conscience, and allow all men the same privilege, let them worship how, where, or what they may." Smith spoke often of the need for Mormons to be civil and courteous in their treatment of others, particularly those who were not of their faith, and to be willing to defend the right of anyone to religious freedom. He said: