 President Donald Trump on Tuesday evening amped up his attacks on veteran journalist Bob Woodward, baselessly suggesting he is a Democratic operative because his new book portrays chaos and dysfunction inside the White House. The tweet comes after CNN and The Washington Post reported on some of the book's most explosive allegations, including disparaging comments Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and White House chief of staff John Kelly privately made about Trump and military actions the President sought to take against Syria and North Korea. Following statements of denial from Kelly, Mattis and others in the book, Trump suggested there was political motivation behind the timing of the book's release. "The Woodward book has already been refuted and discredited by General (Secretary of Defense) James Mattis and General (Chief of Staff) John Kelly," Trump wrote.  President Donald Trump's chief of staff John Kelly should resign and testify before Congress about his time in the White House, legendary investigative journalist Carl Bernstein said. Bernstein, now a CNN political analyst, defended his former colleague Bob Woodward's explosive new book "Fear: Trump in the White House" on CNN's "New Day" Wednesday morning, which includes reporting that Kelly called Trump an "idiot" and "unhinged." "(The book) is a reconstruction of meeting after meeting after meeting in which you begin to wonder why doesn't John Kelly, the chief of staff, go to the Congress of the United States in executive session, resign for the good of the country, go to the Congress and say 'I want to answer all of your questions about this president in full about what the context is, about what's in this book, et cetera, et cetera,' and then let's see how it holds up," Bernstein said. Having read the book, Bernstein said it includes scenes "described in great detail" that show how "principals, not disgruntled former employees" view their job in the White House as "protecting the country from the President of the United States."  WARNING: This story contains graphic language. Bob Woodward's upcoming book offers new insights into President Donald Trump's anger over advisers' efforts to clean up his explosive "both sides" remark on the violence last year at a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia. The Pulitzer Prize-winning author's new book, "Fear: Trump in the White House," is being released September 11. CNN obtained a copy.