In a 2016 interview, former CMA Executive Director Jo Walker-Meador speculated that Rich's drunkenness may have been in part due to resentment over his being shut out of the nominations that year, after his success at the 1974 awards. His son Charlie, Jr., says on his website: "...why did he do it? I'll tell you why I thought he did it. #1 He thought it would be funny. In September 2019, screenwriter Adele Lim, who had co-written Crazy Rich Asians with Peter Chiarelli, left production on the film's sequels following a pay dispute. Lim had reportedly been offered 110,000 United States dollars to pen the sequels, while Chiarelli had been offered $800,000-$1,000,000 for the same role. Lim stated that the pay difference represented a greater issue of sexism and racism in Hollywood, as the industry views women and people of color as "soy sauce"—or simply a means to add minor cultural details to screenplays, rather than to provide a substantial writing role. Director Jon M. Chu voiced support for Lim in a statement, explaining that, while he was disappointed she wouldn't return for the sequels, he would continue to work with Lim elsewhere and that "the conversation this has started is MUCH more important than ourselves... so who am I to get in the way of that." In an interview with Teen Vogue in November 2019, American actress Brenda Song stated that she was not permitted to audition for Crazy Rich Asians as, according to Song, her "image was basically not Asian enough, in not so many words". Song continued that she felt disappointed by the response, questioning why the filmmakers were "fault  for having worked  whole life." Song's alleged denial was met with backlash within the Asian American community online, as Song portrayed the "original crazy rich Asian" London Tipton in the 2005 Disney Channel series The Suite Life of Zack and Cody. Specially, Rachel Chang of Forbes stated that Song "single-handedly represented Asian Americans to a new generation of a impressionable television viewers."