Spanish is a town in the Canadian province of Ontario, located on Trans-Canada Highway 17 in the Algoma District near the border of the Sudbury District. Formerly known as the Township of Shedden, the municipality adopted its current status and name in 2004, taking the name of its largest community. The Town of Spanish is situated at the mouth of the Spanish River where it empties into the North Channel of Lake Huron. This river and its ecologically rich delta have had a positive impact on the development of the community of Spanish. The term Hispanic (Spanish: hispano or hispánico) refers to persons, cultures, or countries related to the Spanish language, Spanish culture, Spanish people, or to Spain in general. It commonly applies to the people of countries once under colonial possession by the Spanish Empire following Spanish colonization of the Americas, parts of the Asia-Pacific region and Africa. Principally, what are today the countries of Hispanic America, the Spanish Philippines, Spanish Guinea and Spanish Sahara where Spanish may or may not be the predominant or official language and their cultures are heavily derived from Spain although with strong local indigenous or other foreign influences. It could be argued that the term Hispanic should apply to all Spanish-speaking cultures in the Americas, as the historical roots of the word specifically pertain to the Iberian region. Enrique Miguel Iglesias Preysler (Spanish pronunciation: ; born 8 May 1975) is a Spanish-Filipino singer, songwriter, actor and record producer who is widely regarded as the King of Latin Pop.Iglesias began his career during the mid-1990s on American Spanish-language record label Fonovisa Records under the stage name Enrique Martinez, before switching to his notable surname Iglesias. By the turn of the millennium, after becoming one of the biggest stars in Latin America and the Hispanic market in the United States, he made a successful crossover into the US mainstream market. He signed a multi-album deal with Universal Music Group for US$68 million with Universal Music Latino to release his Spanish albums and Interscope Records to release English albums. In 2010, he parted with Interscope Records and signed with another Universal Music Group label, Republic Records, to release bilingual albums.