In May 2017, Donald Trump discussed highly classified intelligence in an Oval Office meeting with the Russian foreign minister Sergey Lavrov and ambassador Sergey Kislyak, providing details that could expose the source of the information and the manner in which it was collected. A Middle Eastern ally provided the intelligence which had the highest level of classification and was not intended to be shared widely. The New York Times reported, "Trump's disclosure does not appear to have been illegal—the president has the power to declassify almost anything. But sharing the information without the express permission of the ally who provided it was a major breach of espionage etiquette, and could jeopardize a crucial intelligence-sharing relationship."  The Trump administration on Tuesday continued to ratchet up pressure on China, releasing an updated report showing Beijing has done little to fix its unfair practices less than two weeks before the leaders of the two economic superpowers plan to meet. The 50-page report by the Office of the Trade Representative concluded that China has "not altered" its policies and practices tied to technology transfers, intellectual property and innovation as part of the US government's ongoing investigation launched last August. The Trump administration has been urging Beijing to address those top concerns as part of its on-and-off-again trade negotiations. Instead, the country's top trade official warned that China "appears to have taken further unreasonable actions in recent months," including continuing to apply  strict restrictions on foreign investment as a way to pressure US companies to transfer technology to Chinese firms.  You've heard it before, but the message is still urgent: One in four US adults sits for more than eight hours a day, according to a new study from the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Four in 10 adults do not exercise to either a vigorous or even moderate degree each week, the analysis also reveals. Add to that, one in every 10 Americans reports both behaviors -- sitting for more than eight hours a day and being physically inactive -- according to the study, published Tuesday in the medical journal JAMA. "Both high sedentary behavior and physical inactivity have negative health effects," the authors of the study said.