Erickson, Butina, and Torshin have been part of an investigation by the Senate Intelligence Committee into Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. Torshin has also been the subject of a probe by the Federal Bureau of Investigations into whether the Russian government attempted to illegally funnel money to the NRA in order to help Trump win the presidency. In July 2018 Butina was arrested by the FBI and charged with conspiring to act as an unregistered agent of the Russian Federation. In Butina's indictment, federal prosecutors said an unnamed American political operative, later identified as Erickson, had worked with Butina to arrange introductions to influential people inside the U.S. and to advance Russian interests.  The accused Russian spy who infiltrated Republican politics used a life "predicated on deception" while she attempted to exchange sex for political access and communicated with Russian intelligence during her years in America, prosecutors said Wednesday. While posing as a graduate student, Mariia Butina, 29, also known as Maria Butina, used state-sponsored spies in Russia for guidance and oligarchs for support and funding, and exchanged sex with an American for political access, prosecutors added. She pleaded not guilty to criminal charges in federal court in Washington on Wednesday. She will be jailed without bond until her trial, after a judge found the risk too great that she could flee back to Russia.  The Justice Department charged a Russian national who, along with her mentor, aimed to set up backchannel communications during the presidential campaign between Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin, with conspiring against the US as a foreign agent. Mariia Butina, also known as Maria, was arrested on Sunday and appeared in court in Washington, DC, on Monday, according to the Justice Department. She'll be detained for three days until her next court appearance. She and her mentor, Kremlin-linked banker Alexander Torshin, spent three years trying to make inroads with US political organizations and operatives to develop a more conciliatory approach to Russia among American politicians, according to court filings and CNN reporting.