After the 2014 Finals, LeBron James became a free agent and returned to the Cleveland Cavaliers where he teamed up with Kyrie Irving. The Cavs also traded for Kevin Love to form a new "Big Three" in Cleveland. In the 2015 postseason, the defending champion Spurs were eliminated in the first round while the other 2014 finalist Heat failed to qualify for the playoffs. Golden State, spearheaded by 2014–15 MVP Stephen Curry, achieved a 67–15 record and managed to take the West, while the Cavs won the East as James, along with James Jones who played for both the Heat and Cavaliers, made their fifth straight finals appearance – the first two players to do so since the 1960s Celtics. The Cavaliers would go on to defeat the Golden State Warriors in the 2016 NBA Finals in seven games, coming back from a 3–1 series deficit to avenge their NBA Finals loss from the prior year. The Cavaliers became the first team in NBA Finals history to recover from a 3–1 series deficit and win. The Cavaliers' victory also marked the first championship win by a major professional sports team from Cleveland since 1964, ending a 52–year championship drought dating back to the 1964 NFL title won by the Cleveland Browns. The Cleveland Cavaliers would be the first NBA champion to represent the Central Division since the 2003-04 Detroit Pistons. The Cavaliers clinched their playoff berth for the fourth consecutive season since LeBron James' return to Cleveland for the 2014–15 season. In the playoffs, the Cavaliers defeated the Indiana Pacers in seven games in the First Round, then swept the top-seeded Toronto Raptors in four games in the Semifinals, before finally defeating the Boston Celtics in seven games in the Conference Finals. Cleveland reached the NBA Finals for the fourth straight season, but were swept by the defending NBA champion Golden State Warriors in four games, the first Finals sweep that occurred since 2007, which coincidentally, the LeBron-led Cavs were also swept, by the San Antonio Spurs. It was the fourth year in a row the two teams had faced off in the Finals, and the eighth consecutive season in which James had made it to the championship round.