 President Donald Trump on Tuesday proposed a Middle East plan that he claimed was a "realistic two-state solution" but caters to nearly every major Israeli demand and was immediately rejected by Palestinians. It lays the groundwork for Israel to immediately begin annexing all of its settlements in the West Bank with US backing and also foresees the eventual establishment of a Palestinian state with limited sovereignty after a transition period. Palestinian negotiators have not had direct contact with the Trump administration in more than two years. Under the proposal, Trump said Jerusalem "will remain Israel's undivided capital," but that a future Palestinian state would also have a "capital in eastern Jerusalem."  As the White House prepares to unveil its long-awaited plan for a peace deal between Israelis and Palestinians, CNN has learned that the Trump administration has made a renewed attempt to speak to the Palestinian Authority leader Mahmoud Abbas. The Palestinian Authority broke off all official relations with the White House and the State Department after President Donald Trump declared Jerusalem the capital of Israel in December 2017, though the PA continues to cooperate with the United States on security issues. But according to two senior Palestinian officials close to Abbas, who both spoke to CNN on condition of anonymity, the administration recently sent a message through a third party asking whether Abbas would accept a phone call from Trump. Neither official was prepared to put a date on when the attempt was made, nor would they discuss the identity of the third party.  Senior White House adviser Jared Kushner made the case for President Donald Trump's Middle East plan Tuesday, praising the relationship his father-in-law has with Israel and admonishing Palestinians not to blow their "big opportunity." "What you've seen today is that President Trump has built a lot of trust with the state of Israel. He's done a lot of great things that have made Israel more secure and the relationship between America and Israel stronger," Kushner said in an interview with CNN's Christiane Amanpour. "It's a big opportunity for the Palestinians and they have a perfect track record of blowing every opportunity they've had in their past, but perhaps maybe their leadership will read the details of it, stop posturing and do what's best to try to make the Palestinians' lives better," he said.