On the evening of February 6, after a three-day delay for all precinct votes to be reported, the first preliminary count for statewide results was published by the Iowa Democratic Party, which found that Pete Buttigieg had narrowly won the state delegate equivalent (SDE) count over Bernie Sanders, while Sanders won the popular vote on both the first and final caucus alignments (after supporters of non-viable candidates below the 15% threshold redistributed their support to viable ones). Due to various journalists identifying a number of potential errors in the reported vote total and calculated state delegate equivalents, and due to the Democratic National Committee (DNC) suggesting a recanvass of the results would be needed, some major news organizations refused to declare a winner until completion of a possible recanvass/recount. During the seventh Democratic debate hosted by CNN and the Des Moines Register, the wording of a series of questions from moderator Abby Phillip directed at senators Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren drew criticisms from various other news outlets and from supporters of Bernie Sanders. Following reports alleging that Sanders said to Warren in a 2018 private conversation that he did not believe that a woman could defeat Donald Trump in the 2020 presidential election, Sanders was given the question "Senator Warren confirmed in a statement, that in 2018 you told her that you did not believe that a woman could win the election. Why did you say that?” Sanders stated in his reply "as a matter of fact, I didn't say it" and received the follow-up question from Phillip: "I do want to be clear here, you’re saying that you never told Senator Warren that a woman could not win the election?” to which Sanders replied "That is correct." Phillip's next question was directed at Elizabeth Warren, which was phrased: "Senator Warren, what did you think when Senator Sanders told you a woman could not win the election?" Santorum stated on January 6 that the report of the irregularities "doesn't really matter to me," citing the virtually tied results. Counties had up to two weeks from the date of the caucuses to transmit their final certified results to the state Republican Party. While there are no recount provisions for caucus results in Iowa Republican party rules, there was a certification process, which was described as "nearly the same thing."