 Paul Manafort has "breached" his plea agreement with the Justice Department by lying to the FBI and special counsel Robert Mueller's office two months after he started cooperating in the Russia probe, prosecutors said in a new court filing Monday. The filing was an astonishing break from the bare-bones updates given by the special counsel's office in other cases where cooperators continue to help Mueller pursue Russian interference in the 2016 US election and alleged coordination with the Trump campaign. READ: Court filing accusing Manafort of lying The brief but remarkable development indicates that not only has the former Trump campaign chairman shared extensive information with Justice Department prosecutors since he began cooperating, but that prosecutors also believe they are able to verify or refute that information. And it signals that Mueller's team may be prepared to reveal the depths of what they have learned.  The likely incoming chairman of the House Judiciary Committee warned President Donald Trump that "even dangling a pardon" for his former campaign chairman Paul Manafort "would fortify a claim or a charge of obstruction of justice." "I suspect they're dangling a pardon in front of Manafort," Rep. Jerry Nadler, a New York Democrat, told Erin Burnett on CNN's "Erin Burnett Out Front," "but the President should understand that even dangling a pardon in front of a witness like Manafort is dangerously close to obstruction of justice and would just fortify a claim or a charge of obstruction of justice against the President." Special counsel Robert Mueller's team informed a federal judge on Monday that Manafort has "breached" his plea agreement with the Justice Department by lying to the FBI and Mueller's office two months after he started cooperating in the Russia probe. Manafort was thought to be the star cooperator in the special counsel's ongoing probe into potential collusion between Russian operatives and Trump associates during the 2016 presidential campaign and transition.  President Donald Trump declined in a new interview to rule out the possibility that he could pardon Paul Manafort, his former campaign chairman. "It was never discussed, but I wouldn't take it off the table. Why would I take it off the table?" Trump told the New York Post.