 President Barack Obama and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu offered a "good cop-bad cop" approach to Iran's nuclear ambitions on Wednesday, with Obama calling for more diplomacy while endorsing Israel's right to defend itself as it sees fit. The two leaders met for more than two hours on Obama's first visit to Israel as president, part of a Middle East swing that he said was intended to assess the seemingly intractable impasse between the Israelis and Palestinians over how to live next to each other. Other issues discussed on Obama's first foreign trip of his second term included the civil war in neighboring Syria. There have been unconfirmed reports of chemical weapons being used in the conflict, which Obama labeled a "game-changer," if true, regarding limited U.S. involvement so far.  In his first visit to Israel and the West Bank since assuming the White House, President Barack Obama ventures into a region of the world whose politics are layered and complex. As he meets with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Obama will address problems on many levels, including his chilly relationship with Netanyahu, Iran's growing nuclear threat, Syria's possible use of chemical arms and the elusive prospect of peace between Israel and the Palestinians. The to-do list is ambitious. Obama isn't expected to unveil a major peace plan, but the four-day visit will help define the two-term president's legacy in the Mideast.  Secretary of State John Kerry plans to return to Israel after President Barack Obama leaves and it is expected he will lay the groundwork to try to restart stalled Israeli-Palestinian peace talks, Israeli Justice Minister Tzipi Livni said Wednesday. READ: Weapons movement in Syria an issue as Obama visits Israel "It's the beginning," Livni told CNN during an interview at her Tel Aviv home. A senior State Department official told CNN  that Kerry would likely meet Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Saturday to review the results of Obama's trip and "discuss next steps on the key issues." The official was not more specific.