 National labor leader Richard Trumka said Wednesday that some White House aides "turned out to be racist" and said the Wall Street wing of President Donald Trump's economic team is growing in influence. "You had two factions in the White House," the AFL-CIO president told reporters at a roundtable hosted by the Christian Science Monitor and confirmed in audio provided by Trumka's office to CNN. "You had one faction that actually had some of the policies that we would have supported on trade and infrastructure but turned out to be racist." Trumka continued: "And on the other hand, you had people who weren't racist, but they were Wall Street.  A sign just inside the front door of the West Wing greets White House staff this week: "Welcome back to the West Wing!" The very minute President Donald Trump boarded Marine One for his working vacation in Bedminster, New Jersey, a team of more than 200 people began 17 days of much-needed renovations to the West Wing and the home's exterior. Working around the clock from his August 6 departure through his Sunday return, the team of multiple agencies, including the General Services Administration and the National Park Service, replaced the overworked HVAC systems, refreshed flooring, woodworking and paint, and made other cosmetic and infrastructural updates to the "people's house." "There was an emphasis on bringing back the history to this building and the elegance," deputy press secretary Lindsay Walters told reporters during a tour of the results Wednesday.  President Donald Trump waded deep into the culture war Tuesday over Confederate statues -- while revising the very recent history of his own comments. In what amounted to a 77-minute presidential therapy session in front of thousands of supporters, Trump pulled out copies of three of his own speeches and rehashed what he'd said about white supremacists' gathering around a Robert E. Lee statue in Charlottesville, Virginia. Trump omitted that in his first response, he'd said "many sides" were responsible for the violence there, a comment that drew bipartisan rebuke for equating neo-Nazis with those protesting against them. "I hit 'em with neo-Nazi, I hit 'em with everything.