 A Republican congressman said Thursday that Congress should debate authorizing military force in Syria, following the President's comments suggesting he'd take action there soon. "If we're going to escalate this to a great degree, it seems to me you've got to have this debate in Congress. That's what the Constitution clearly spells out. Let's have that debate," Rep. Jim Jordan, an Ohio Republican who serves on the conservative and libertarian-leaning Freedom Caucus, told CNN's "New Day."  House Speaker Paul Ryan downplayed the need for a new Authorization for Use of Military Force for a military strike on Syria, repeating his longstanding position that he thinks President Donald Trump "has the authority under the existing AUMF" from 2001. "Well, he has the authority under the existing AUMF," Ryan said Thursday, adding later, "With respect to the authorities, the existing AUMF ... gives him the authority to do what he needs to do, what he may or may not do." Ryan also expressed hesitation about moving on a new authorization, warning against circumscribing the military's ability to act quickly against new threats. "What I would hate to do, in this time when we have asymmetrical threats all across the world, particularly with ISIS, is to have an AUMF that short -- that ties the hands of our military behind their backs.  Democratic lawmakers fervently renewed their calls for congressional approval of military force following President Donald Trump's Friday night announcement of US precision strikes against Syria. "The President must come to Congress and secure an Authorization for Use of Military Force by proposing a comprehensive strategy with clear objectives that keep our military safe and avoid collateral damage to innocent civilians," House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-California, said in a statement Friday night. The US' joint military action with France and the UK came as a response to a chemical weapons attack against civilians by Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad. As questions swirled this week around how Trump would respond to the attack, so did continued uncertainty about updates to Congress' Authorizations for Use of Military Force.