 Two US F-22 stealth fighters intercepted two Russian aircraft Wednesday after the Russian jets crossed the Euphrates River in Syria, flying east of the "de-confliction line" that is supposed to separate Russian and US-led coalition aircraft operating over Syria, two US defense officials told CNN. The US jets fired warning flares during the intercept of the two Russian Su-25 close air support jets according to the officials after they crossed the de-confliction line multiple times. One of the officials said a Russian Su-35 fighter jet was also involved and that the aerial encounter lasted "several minutes." The official said that coalition officers called their Russian counterparts about the incident via the pre-established de-confliction hotline.  Russia's next presidential election will be held on March 18, 2018, state-run news agency Tass reported Friday. The decision was made by Russia's upper house of parliament, the Federation Council. Incumbent President Vladimir Putin, the heavy favorite to win, announced on Thursday during his annual press conference that he would seek re-election as an independent candidate -- his fourth presidential bid -- in order to gain the support of multiple political parties who "support" his views. He said his aim was for Russia to have a "competitive" and "balanced" political system but that it was not his responsibility to create his own opponents.  Russian athletes wanting to participate in the 2018 Winter Olympics in South Korea will have the unanimous support of the Russian Olympic Committee (ROC), the body said Tuesday. Last week Russia was banned from taking part in February's Games after the International Olympic Committee (IOC) found the country had engaged in "systemic manipulation" of anti-doping rules, though Russian athletes who can prove they are clean will be "invited" to compete under the name "Olympic Athlete from Russia" (OAR). Following the IOC's decision on December 5, Russian President Vladimir Putin said the country's athletes would not be told to boycott the Games, which will take place in PyeongChang from February 9-15. He did, however, call the ban a politically motivated decision.