 President Donald Trump's long-awaited state visit to the United Kingdom on Monday launched with an inspection of trooping guards with bearskin hats, guns blasting at the Tower of London and a spot of afternoon tea. Later, Trump hailed his host -- Queen Elizabeth II -- as a "great, great woman" during a toast at Buckingham Palace, while the long-serving monarch offered a subtle endorsement of the international institutions Trump has at times criticized. It was a stately day that came amid less dignified bickering between Trump and London's mayor, the elaborate displays of hospitality doing little to prevent Trump from dispatching insults over Twitter as he descended into London. All-in-all, it was a fitting start to a visit laced with controversy and steeped in tradition, delivered by a fractured nation for a hard-to-please guest.  The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, compared Donald Trump to a young child after the US President called him a "stone-cold loser." Khan told CNN that he was "not offended in the slightest" by the remarks, delivered as Trump began his state visit to the UK on Monday, but added that the US was expected to behave more like a role model. "This is the sort of behavior I would expect from an 11-year-old," Khan said. "But it's for him to decide how he behaves.  President Donald Trump has weighed in on the power struggle in British politics, praising Brexit campaigner Nigel Farage and prime ministerial hopeful Boris Johnson and suggesting he may meet the pair on his state visit to Britain next week. Days before he is due to travel to London, the President congratulated Farage on his performance in the recent European elections and called Johnson, who is the frontrunner to replace Theresa May as prime minister, a "friend of mine." Both have been critics of May, and Trump's comments are likely to cause unease in Downing Street ahead of a visit that is replete with potential diplomatic pitfalls. Trump's comments came in an impromptu exchange with reporters at the White House on Thursday.