 President Donald Trump headed to one of his golf courses again Sunday, marking his 13th visit to one since taking office and the eighth consecutive weekend he has spent at properties bearing his name. While the President hasn't played golf on every visit, sometimes attending to presidential business, the trips underscore a break with his insistence on the campaign trail that he wouldn't spend his time golfing because of how hard he would be working. White House officials told reporters that Trump held meetings at the Trump National Golf Club in Sterling, Virginia, over the weekend, but did not say how many or with whom. Both Trump and his press secretary, Sean Spicer, have knocked former President Barack Obama for his time playing golf on the job.  Whether the Trump administration wants to call Mar-a-Lago the Winter White House, the Southern White House, the Weekend White House or something else altogether, some Democrats are now demanding that they treat the parade of visitors coming and going from there like their predecessors largely treated the regular White House itself -- by actually recording their names. A group of Democratic lawmakers introduced legislation Friday to force the White House to create an online database of every person who visits the White House, the vice president's residence at the Naval Observatory and anywhere else Trump "regularly conducts official business," such as his Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Florida. The Making Access Records Available to Lead American Government Openness, or Mar-a-Lago, Act, would allow for a few exceptions, including for security concerns and "purely personal" visitors. Democratic Sens.  A government watchdog has told lawmakers that it would look into the security costs associated with President Donald Trump's routine trips to Florida and whether the United States Treasury has received payments from Trump for profits he has made from foreign government visits to his hotels. In a letter to Rep. Elijah Cummings, top Democrat on the House of Representatives Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, the Government Accountability Office said Monday it would begin the inquiry into Trump's Mar-a-Lago visits "shortly," after Cummings and Democratic Sens. Elizabeth Warren, Sheldon Whitehouse and Tom Udall requested the probe. The scope of the inquiry will include how classified information is protected at the private club, what type of security measures are taken to screen "individuals with access to Mar-a-Lago" and what measures are in place "to ensure charges for travel-related expenses in connection with providing protection for presidential trips to Mar-a-Lago are fair and reasonable."