Early into his presidency, Trump developed a highly contentious relationship with the news media, repeatedly referring to them as the "fake news media" and "the enemy of the people". As a candidate, Trump had refused press credentials for offending publications but said he would not do so if elected. President Trump both privately and publicly mused about taking away critical reporters' White House press credentials. At the same time, the Trump White House gave temporary press passes to far-right pro-Trump fringe outlets, such as InfoWars and The Gateway Pundit, which are known for publishing hoaxes and conspiracy theories. Amid the Trump–Ukraine scandal – where Trump asked the Ukrainian president to investigate Joe Biden and his son Hunter Biden – Trump Jr. strongly criticized Hunter Biden, accusing him of nepotism and leveraging his father as a means to get financial benefits. Trump Jr. said, "When you're the father and your son's entire career is dependent on that, they own you." Trump Jr. was widely ridiculed for these remarks by Trevor Noah and others. Trump Jr. is a top executive in his father's business and has continued to operate and promote the family's businesses across the world during Trump's presidency.  As Joe Biden prepared to tell a crowd that he'd changed his mind and now supported allowing federal funds to pay for abortions, he offered a disclaimer: He still didn't think he'd been wrong before. "I make no apologies for my last position and I make no apologies for what I'm about to say," the former vice president told those gathered for a Democratic National Committee gala in Atlanta on Thursday night. Biden's remarks sought to avoid the appearance of flip-flopping on a key issue out of political expediency. Still, pressure from both inside and outside Biden's campaign, including a direct appeal from a prominent supporter, actress and activist Alyssa Milano, led Biden to conclude he had to reconsider his position, according to campaign officials with direct knowledge of internal discussions around the matter.