Blackburn opposed the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare), stating, with the passage of the bill, "freedom dies a little bit today." She subsequently supported efforts to repeal the legislation, arguing that it "means well" but fails to live up to its promise. In 2017, while arguing for the repeal of the Affordable Care Act, Blackburn falsely stated that two popular provisions of the Affordable Care Act (protections for individual with preexisting conditions and the provision allowing adult children to be on their parents' health plans until they're 26) "were two Republican provisions which made it into the  bill." In her declaration that she would run for the Senate in 2018, she said that the failure to repeal the Affordable Care Act was "a disgrace".  With two weeks and counting until the federal government runs out of money, President Barack Obama is turning up the heat on a group of congressional Republicans threatening to shut down the government over their opposition to the health care law. But the president's comments on Monday came as new polling indicates that Affordable Care Act, better known as "Obamacare," is becoming more unpopular with Americans. "I cannot remember a time when one faction of one party promises economic chaos if it can't get 100% of what it wants. That's never happened before but that's what's happening right now," Obama said at an event at the White House that marked the fifth anniversary of the 2008 financial crisis.  If you're looking for a sign that this week is shaping up as a critical test of President Barack Obama's presidency, look no further than his schedule on Tuesday. In the morning, he'll make his fifth address to the United Nations General Assembly -- this time, with major diplomatic opportunities emerging in Syria and Iran. Later, his domestic agenda takes over when he turns again to former President Bill Clinton to explain Obamacare a week ahead of a critical date in its implementation. Obama's health care law is the source of contention in Washington, where Republicans voted to defund it -- for the 42nd time -- in return for keeping the government running.