In 1973, Rivers co-wrote the made-for-television movie The Girl Most Likely To..., a black comedy starring Stockard Channing as an ugly girl who becomes beautiful after undergoing plastic surgery, and takes revenge on people who previously mistreated her. The film, based on Rivers' story, became a ratings success and has been considered a "cult classic". She also wrote a thrice-weekly column for The Chicago Tribune from 1973 to 1976, and published her first book, Having a Baby Can Be a Scream, in 1974; she described it as a "catalogue of gynaecological anxieties." In 1978, Rivers made her directorial debut with the comedy Rabbit Test, which she also wrote and which starred her friend Billy Crystal in his film debut as the world's first pregnant man. The film "was released to a fair degree of critical acclaim" and "moviegoers found it to be a likable and highly entertaining piece of filmmaking that made no effort to hide its Australian roots, despite the presence of American star Kirk Douglas in one of the principal roles." The film has a rating of 80% on film review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes. One review of the movie comments stated, "The Australian film industry has been responsible for many decent films for decades (and some utter crap, of course), but the percentage with international appeal is quite small. That is changing, and it is films such as The Man From Snowy River that have ensured ongoing interest. A documentary film about Rivers, Joan Rivers: A Piece of Work, premiered at the San Francisco International Film Festival on May 6, 2010. The film follows Rivers for 14 months, mostly during the 76th year of her life, and made an effort to " away the mask" and expose the "struggles, sacrifices and joy of living life as a ground breaking female performer." The documentary found commercial success in its limited release and was acclaimed by critics for providing "an honest, behind-the-scenes look at ' career — and at show business in general". Beginning on September 10, 2010, Rivers co-hosted the E!