 The election may be behind President-elect Donald Trump, but his hard work is just beginning. In the 73 days between now and the inauguration, Trump will have plenty to do. From 4,000 appointments -- 1,100 of which require Senate confirmation -- to delivering on campaign promises to completing a budget, the previous few months before a president-elect takes office are a whirlwind of activity. "We used to kid we didn't know how fast warp speed was, but the transitions were faster than warp speed," said Clay Johnson III, who managed the transition for President George W. Bush.  North Korea and Russia might not wait until January 20 to test the new president-elect. The weeks between Election Day and Inauguration Day can be a key time for foreign adversaries to cause mischief for a new administration. Donald Trump and his transition team must replace 4,000 political appointees right off the bat, construct a foreign policy framework and get up to speed on an exploding array of international challenges. The staff's change in approach and high learning curve can make it a tempting period for international parties to take steps without US supervision or that aim to disrupt the US government itself.  Vice President Joe Biden in his first public remarks since Donald Trump became President-elect, said that there would be no "diminution" to the American-Israel alliance and advised that the American people at large are the "ultimate guarantor to every president on every transition." Biden, sounding somewhat defeated, was speaking at a dinner for the World Jewish Congress -- a group representing Jewish communities in over 100 countries--- where he spoke of a Trump presidency specifically in terms of an American-Israel relationship, saying that there would be "no diminution of support" in the next administration. "A number of my friends in the community are anxious about what it'll mean for America's commitment to Israel. I stand here to tell you that I have no doubt, none whatsoever, that in the Trump administration there will be no diminution of support as a consequence of this transition," Biden said.