St. Augustine's Catholic Church is a historic Gothic Revival-style Roman Catholic church building located on North Hanover Street in Minster, Ohio, United States. Located in the region of western Ohio known as the "Land of the Cross-Tipped Churches," the church was built in 1848. In 1874, the building was modified with the construction of twin Gothic spires designed by Anton Goehr. Beginning in the middle of the nineteenth century, St. Augustine was one of the three mother churches for the Society of the Precious Blood that served the Catholics of the region; it kept this position until the end of the century, and it is the only one of the three yet remaining. St Augustine's Catholic Church in the Salisbury Catholic Parish forms part of the Catholic Archdiocese of Adelaide. Located in the northern suburbs of the city of Adelaide, South Australia, the parish's boundaries roughly coincide with the limits of the City of Salisbury. In the Salisbury Catholic Parish, there are three mass centres: St Augustine, St Finbar, the Holy Family; three parish schools: St Augustine School, Holy Family School, and Thomas More College; the Pioneer cemetery; and some parish and migrant groups and communities, as well as charities.The Parish celebrates a biannual carnival on the eve of Lent. Melbourne ( (listen) MEL-bərn) is the capital and most populous city of the Australian state of Victoria, and the second most populous city in Australia and Oceania. Its name refers to an urban agglomeration of 9,993 km2 (3,858 sq mi), comprising a metropolitan area with 31 municipalities, and is also the common name for its city centre. The city occupies much of the coastline of Port Phillip bay and spreads into the hinterlands towards the Dandenong and Macedon ranges, Mornington Peninsula and Yarra Valley. It has a population of 5 million (19% of the population of Australia), and its inhabitants are referred to as "Melburnians".The city was founded on 30 August 1835, in the then-British colony of New South Wales, by free settlers from the colony of Van Diemen’s Land (modern-day Tasmania).