 Hillary Clinton, confident that winning the New York primary on Tuesday could all but lock up the Democratic nomination, campaigned in the days leading up to the contest more like a New York City mayoral candidate than someone running for president. During a frenetic eight-stop day in New York City on Monday, Clinton stopped at a car wash in Queens to celebrate recently unionized workers, drank boba tea and chatted with workers steaming dumplings in Flatbush and got ice cream -- booing a reporter who asked about calories -- in the East Village. The close contact, jam-packed campaigning was unique for Clinton who is considered a less-than-stellar retail politician. It also came on the heels of a whirlwind fundraising trip to California, so the frenzy of New York stops was well timed on the eve of the primary.  Hillary Clinton, looking to stem any momentum Democratic presidential rival Bernie Sanders picked up from a string of recent wins, said Monday in Queens that the "bright lights" of New York have made it difficult for the Vermont senator to answer questions and defend his plans. Clinton blasted Sanders' stance on immigration and Wall Street during a news conference and defended the fact that she is hitting Republican front-runner Donald Trump while at the same time still running against Sanders. "I have noticed that under the bright spotlight and scrutiny here in New York, Sen. Sanders has had trouble answering questions," Clinton said, a reference to the senator's interview with the New York Daily News editorial board. "He has had trouble answering questions about his core issue, namely, dealing with the banks. On November 12, 2007, the New York Times reported that "At two campaign events in Iowa this year, aides to Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton encouraged audience members to ask her specific questions, a tactic that drew criticism from an opponent for the Democratic presidential nomination and led her yesterday to promise that it would not happen again." In response, Clinton remarked, 'It was news to me  and neither I nor my campaign approve of that, and it will certainly not be tolerated.'"