Martin grew up in a Roman Catholic home and was an altar boy throughout his childhood. He began singing at age 6, using wooden kitchen spoons as pretended microphones; he often interpreted songs by Menudo as well as English-language rock groups such as Led Zeppelin, Journey, and REO Speedwagon. His mother's side of the family was musically inclined, and his maternal grandfather was a poet, which inspired young Martin to write songs. Martin later reflected on his time spent with his family as a child: "Every time I find myself in front of an audience, be it twenty people or one hundred thousand, once again I feel the energy that consumed me back at the family gatherings of my youth." King opposed the Vietnam War because it took money and resources that could have been spent on social welfare at home. The United States Congress was spending more and more on the military and less and less on anti-poverty programs at the same time. He summed up this aspect by saying, "A nation that continues year after year to spend more money on military defense than on programs of social uplift is approaching spiritual death." He stated that North Vietnam "did not begin to send in any large number of supplies or men until American forces had arrived in the tens of thousands", and accused the U.S. of having killed a million Vietnamese, "mostly children."  For a club so intent on making history, it is perhaps apt that Bayern Munich will at last honor one of the club's most important figures who helped lay the foundations for its future greatness. Some 86 years after he was forced out of office by the Nazi regime, Kurt Landauer's statue will take pride of place at Säbener Strasse, Bayern's state-of-the-art training facility on the land acquired for the club by the man himself in the aftermath of World War II. Sculpted by artist Karel Fron, the statue was the brainchild of the Kurt Landauer Foundation, which was established to protect his memory and as a vehicle for social change. Due to be unveiled in May, the statue cost 70,000 euros ($79,000), with the money raised through donations from fan groups as well as private donors.