In February 1966, the Massachusetts General Court appropriated funds for the university to purchase the building at 100 Arlington Street, and the university also leased the Sawyer Building on Stuart Street, the Salada Buildings on Columbus Avenue, a part of the Boston Statler Hotel for faculty and departmental office space, and the National Guard Armory also on Arlington Street (which was converted into the university's library). The university administration also had an arrangement with the Copley Square YMCA to provide students access to exercise equipment. Also in 1966, during the university's first Spring Weekend, the American folk music duo Simon & Garfunkel was the headline act. In addition to Simon & Garfunkel, on October 21, 1974 (and by the time the university had moved to the Harbor Campus on Columbia Point), with the Boston busing desegregation underway, musician Stevie Wonder spoke and led students in song at a lounge in the university the day after he performed at the Boston Garden. On January 13, 1872, Isaac Rich died, leaving the vast bulk of his estate to a trust that would go to Boston University after ten years of growth while the University was organized. Most of this bequest consisted of real estate throughout the core of the city of Boston which was appraised at more than $1.5 million. Kilgore describes this as the largest single donation to an American college or university as of that time. By December, however, the Great Boston Fire of 1872 had destroyed all but one of the buildings Rich had left to the University, and the insurance companies with which they had been insured were bankrupt.  In 1986, with control of the United States Senate up for grabs, The Economist dispatched a reporter to Nevada, an important battleground that year, to survey the race between then-Rep. Harry Reid and his Republican opponent, James Santini. "Mr. Reid's performance in Las Vegas could well turn on the Mormon vote," the correspondent noted, spotlighting Reid's religion. "Though only some 12% of Nevadans are Mormons, they punch more than their weight. Less than half the state's eligible voters bother to register, but Mormons almost always do, which gives them about a quarter of the likely turnout."