Herman was born into a Jewish family in New York City and raised in Washington Heights, Manhattan. He graduated from  the Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts in 1987, then attended the acting program at SUNY Purchase. Herman appeared in the films Born on the Fourth of July, Lost Angels, and Let It Be Me; but he is probably best known for his role as Michael Bolton in Mike Judge's Office Space. Earlier, Herman had joined the cast of John Leguizamo's House of Buggin' in 1994; however, that show was short-lived. Herman was a repertory performer on the show for two and a half seasons. He wanted to leave the show to do other projects, but Fox would not let him out of his contract as they considered him too valuable to the show. So he got himself fired by screaming all his lines during read-through. While continuing his voice work on King of the Hill, he came across the script for Office Space, for which Hill creator Mike Judge had specifically written the Michael Bolton part with Herman in mind. Herman is also known for his work as a voice actor in cartoons and video games, notably in Futurama, where he provides the voices of many recurring characters (including Scruffy, Planet Express's Sling Blade-esque janitor; Roberto, the mentally-deranged criminal robot obsessed with stabbing people; New New York City mayor, Mayor Poopenmeyer, and Professor Farnsworth's former student and current rival, Ogden Wernstrom), and King of the Hill, for which he voiced Anthony Page (the "twig boy" social worker from the pilot episode where Hank is accused of physically abusing his son, Bobby, and the season two episode "Junkie Business"), Eustis (one of Hank's childhood friends that Hank now sees as a wimp, because he was kicked out of the Order of the Straight Arrow as a child and now has a job as a patent lawyer), and other one-shot and incidental characters. Herman's other voice work includes parts on Family Guy, American Dad!, the short-lived CGI-animated sitcom Father of the Pride (in which he voices Roy Horn), and the Jak and Daxter video game series. Herman also starred as Ubuntu Goode (and other supporting voices) on Mike Judge's short-lived companion series to King of the Hill, The Goode Family. He also provides the voice for Mr. Frond (and other supporting voices) in Fox's Bob's Burgers, Mr. Gar, Brandon, and others on Cartoon Network's OK K.O.!