 The US intends to relinquish custody of an American citizen accused of fighting for ISIS within days, potentially averting a looming showdown over his detention that is calling into question the legal underpinning of the US war against ISIS. In a filing entered Tuesday in DC federal court, the government said it plans to transfer the man, identified in documents only as John Doe, to the control of a foreign country, the name of which has been redacted. Doe is a dual US-Saudi citizen and has been held as an enemy combatant in Iraq since September, when he was turned over to American forces by a US-backed militia in Syria. The case, pending before Judge Tanya S. Chutkan, has brought rare judicial scrutiny of the post-9/11 Authorization for Use of Military Force, which the government is relying on in part to justify Doe's detention, and how it applies to ISIS, a group that did not exist when that statute was passed.  A federal judge blocked the Trump administration Thursday from transferring to another country an American citizen who has been accused of fighting for ISIS and who has been held by US forces in Iraq for months. The order, issued by Judge Tanya S. Chutkan, says the Department of Defense is  "hereby enjoined from transferring petitioner from US custody." US government lawyers had entered a filing Tuesday, saying the government planned to transfer the detainee, identified in court documents only as John Doe, to the control of a foreign country, the name of which had been redacted. The American Civil Liberties Union, which represents the detained US citizen, opposed the transfer and requested that Chutkan block it.  An American woman and a Japanese man won the elite divisions in the Boston Marathon Monday, the first time runners from each country have taken the top spots in more than 30 years. Desiree (Desi) Linden, a two-time Olympian, battled the rain and wind to win the 122nd running of the storied race. It's also the first marathon win of the 34-year-old's career. "I love this city," Linden said to NBC Sports.