Track five, "My Name Can't Be Mama" was written by Carlile, Morris, and Shires. An inclusive song about motherhood and parenting, it is equal parts funny and potent. The three women in the song all have their own definition of being a mother and each have their own reason for why they need a break. For Carlile, it’s a hard morning after a night of no sleep; for Shires, it’s trying to find a career; and for Morris, it's a break from society’s expectation to have children by a certain age. Several of the artists, including Green Day and Cypress Hill, skipped at least one Lollapalooza date to appear at Woodstock '94 instead. Nirvana was scheduled to headline but officially pulled out on April 4, 1994, amid rumors that the band was on the verge of breaking up. Frontman Kurt Cobain was found dead in Seattle, Washington four days later on April 8, 1994. Cobain's widow, Courtney Love, made surprise guest appearances at several shows, speaking to the crowds about the loss. Read has attracted less benign responses for his longstanding polemical critique of identity politics that fall short of intersectional ambitions, Read maintaining that ‘radical particularity' inadvertently obscures the politically inclusive urgency of a ‘general theory' of class disempowerment. Equally his work on ‘pseudo action', the deceptive, voluntaristic vocabulary of a theatre wish-fulfilling its social and political purpose in the place of a slower but more honest political agency, has been forcefully countered by a number of commentators, the most prominent of whom has been Janelle Reinelt in her valedictory lecture to the field at Warwick University in 2015, ‘What I Came to Say' (2015). Read in turn responds to these claims of political retreat in his keynote to the Performance Philosophy Convention at the Prague Academy in 2017, ‘The Dark Theatre: Ethnographies of the Capitalocene' in which he retraces his steps over three decades of political and theatrical commitment to the neighbourhood and dockland warehouse in which his thinking about everyday life and theatre were grounded.