 You care, but does the President? Anytime a commander in chief faces that question, it's a sure sign that something is wrong. But Donald Trump and his administration are finding their humanity under scrutiny in the harrowing saga of kids separated from their parents after illegally crossing the southern border. The administration's handling of the crisis lacked many things: coherence, competence and a duty to the truth over a crisis the President caused and blamed on others.  Sen. Bernie Sanders said President Donald Trump's zero tolerance immigration policy shows Trump is thinking like an authoritarian who believes his anti-immigrant policies will help him win votes. "He thinks as authoritarian types all over Europe believe, that if you foment anger against immigrants and show how strong and tough you are on those little children, that it will get you votes in elections," Sanders told CNN's Anderson Cooper on Wednesday on "AC360." The Vermont independent has been a staunch critic of Trump's family separation policy, which led undocumented immigrant children to be separated from their parents at the US-Mexico border. After mounting outrage from both Republicans and Democrats, Trump signed an executive order on Wednesday that is aimed to keep far more families together at the border.  The White House, facing mounting outcry and contradictory statements about President Donald Trump's practice of separating children from their parents at the US border, entered damage control mode on Monday. Press secretary Sarah Sanders delayed her briefing almost four hours as Kirstjen Nielsen, the homeland security secretary, was flown back from New Orleans to face reporters. Originally scheduled for 1:15 p.m., the briefing was subsequently pushed to 3:30 p.m., then 4 p.m. and finally to 5 p.m. The effort to put Nielsen in front of cameras to explain the policy reflected heated internal West Wing conversations and Trump's growing frustration that his own administration's practice is drawing ire and making him appear heartless.