 Democratic Sen. Tammy Baldwin announced Thursday in a statement posted to Facebook that she doesn't believe President Donald Trump's nominee to the Supreme Court is right for the country or Wisconsin. "After reviewing this nominee's record, I know why powerful special interests in Washington selected Judge Brett Kavanaugh to work on the Supreme Court for them, not the people of Wisconsin," she said in the statement. "The people of Wisconsin need a fair, impartial and independent Supreme Court Justice who will stand up for them, not for powerful special interests. I don't have confidence that Judge Kavanaugh would be that justice."  President Donald Trump's selection of Brett Kavanaugh as his Supreme Court nominee reflects a startlingly, well, normal and predictable decision from this most unconventional commander in chief. Kavanaugh, who currently serves on the DC Court of Appeals, was not the favorite of the most conservative voices in the party who worried about his commitment to getting rid of the Affordable Care Act. Neither was he seen as a particularly Trump-y pick due to Kavanaugh's long ties to the Bush family; he served in the solicitor general's office in the administration of George H.W. Bush and then as staff secretary for President George W. Bush.  Just minutes after President Donald Trump announced he'd nominate Judge Brett Kavanaugh for the Supreme Court on Monday night, the fight for his confirmation began, a bruising showdown that will test the resolve of both parties to stay united and will ultimately reshape the Supreme Court for decades to come. In the Senate, Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's focus now turns to holding his sometimes-fractured Republican conference together and charging ahead with the nomination in a way that won't threaten Republicans' chances in the midterm elections. With a narrow majority and GOP Sen. John McCain back in Arizona fighting cancer, McConnell cannot afford to lose a single Republican vote without convincing Democrats to cross the aisle and back a candidate who is largely seen as a conservative nominee. In recent days, the Kentucky Republican -- who oversaw the successful confirmation of Justice Neil Gorsuch last year -- has played a significant behind-the-scenes role, consulting the President and his team daily on strategy and the political realities that await any nominee.