 The man who has been named as a witness to the alleged incident between Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh and professor Christine Blasey Ford in the early 1980s has been interviewed by the FBI, according to the man's lawyer. In a statement on Monday, Mark Judge's lawyer, Barbara Van Gelder, said: "Mr. Judge has been interviewed by the FBI but his interview has not been completed. We request your patience as the FBI completes its investigation." Judge is a former classmate of Kavanaugh, who has been accused of sexual assault.  Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh said in written testimony for Thursday's hearing with a woman accusing him of sexual assault that he is facing a barrage of "last-minute smears." "There has been a frenzy to come up with something -- anything, no matter how far-fetched or odious -- that will block a vote on my nomination," Kavanaugh's testimony said. The Senate Judiciary Committee released the testimony Kavanaugh submitted a day ahead of his scheduled appearance before the hearing on an accusation brought by Christine Blasey Ford, who has said he sexually assaulted her at a party in their high school years. Kavanaugh has denied the allegation along with accusations from others who have gone public since Ford.  The Senate Judiciary Committee hearing Thursday where Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh and the woman accusing him of sexual assault are set to testify about her allegation will see both witnesses face five minutes of questioning from each senator on the panel, or a lawyer if senators choose to yield their time. The way the hearing will unfurl was revealed Tuesday after CNN obtained details of the format for the Senate Judiciary Committee hearing, in which both Kavanaugh and Christine Blasey Ford will testify publicly. A source familiar with the matter provided the following details to CNN after notices were sent to Kavanaugh's and Ford's legal teams. Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley will make an opening statement with no time limit, followed by an opening statement from the top Democrat on the committee, Sen. Dianne Feinstein, who also will not have a time limit.