 A group of Republican senators on Sunday night released a version of President Donald Trump's immigration proposal ahead of a floor debate on immigration this week. The proposal is expected to be one of several amendments the Senate will consider this week as it debates immigration. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has used a bill unrelated to immigration as the starting point for the debate, which will allow senators to offer proposals that can compete for 60 votes to advance. The bill from Republican Sens.  The White House declined on Monday to answer key questions about how it handled spousal abuse allegations against a former top aide, including which of President Donald Trump's advisers knew about the violence claims before they were made public. Also left unanswered: whether Trump himself believes the women who have accused former staff secretary Rob Porter of emotionally and physically battering them during their marriages to him. As the controversy stretches into a new week, the unresolved details only furthered the impression of an administration in damage control mode. People inside the West Wing have described a workplace in tumult, with aides and officials openly questioning whether more could have been done earlier to prevent an embarrassing set of missteps last week, including a series of glowing statements about Porter from top presidential advisers.  President Donald Trump walks away from a turbulent week with a major political victory in the form of a massive deal that raises military and domestic spending caps by $300 billion, giving both parties many items that they have been looking for, and raising the debt ceiling until March 2019. It followed a wild spell for the stock market that left investors rattled and a brewing scandal over White House chief of staff John Kelly's decision to keep Rob Porter, who has since resigned, on the job despite serious accusations of spousal abuse. Getting this bill done is a huge step for President Trump. He can claim to have achieved bipartisan support around the budget, an issue that has tied up Washington for years.