In October 2011, Dan Houser told Famitsu that Rockstar Games was intentionally avoiding developing games in the first-person shooter genre, because "it is in our DNA to avoid doing what other companies are doing  the goalpoint of Rockstar is to have the players really feel what we're trying to do." Houser went on to say "Our games up to now have been different from any genre that existed at the time; we made new genres by ourselves with games like the GTA series. We didn't rely on testimonials in a business textbook to do what we've done. If we make the sort of games we want to play, then we believe people are going to buy them." Rockstar Games, Inc. is an American video game publisher based in New York City. The company was established in December 1998 as a subsidiary of Take-Two Interactive, and as successor to BMG Interactive, a dormant video game publisher of which Take-Two had previously acquired the assets. Founding members of the company were Sam and Dan Houser, Terry Donovan and Jamie King, who worked for Take-Two at the time, and of which the Houser brothers were previously executives at BMG Interactive. Co-founders Sam and Dan Houser head the studio as president and vice-president for creative, respectively.Since 1999, several companies acquired by or established under Take-Two have become part of Rockstar Games, such as Rockstar Canada (later renamed Rockstar Toronto) becoming the first one in 1999, and Rockstar India the most recent in 2016. On 8 April 2004, shortly after the European release of Max Payne for Game Boy Advance, Take-Two Interactive, the parent company of Rockstar Games, announced that they had acquired Möbius Entertainment. As part of the deal, the company became part of the Rockstar Games label, and would henceforth be known as Rockstar Leeds. Sam Houser, executive producer at Rockstar Games, stated that they were "very impressed with the  development team from the time they began work on the Game Boy Advance version of Max Payne". With the acquisition, Rockstar Games sought to strengthen their position in the market for Game Boy Advance and PlayStation Portable games, although the new studio's focus shortly shifted to only PlayStation Portable.