 On Monday afternoon at 4 p.m., Michael Flynn Jr. tweeted this: "You're all going down. You know who you are. Mark my word...." Which is, um, intriguing? Flynn is the son of Michael Flynn, President Donald Trump's former national security adviser and now a cooperating witness in special counsel Robert Mueller's probe into Russian meddling in the 2016 election and possible collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign.  On Wednesday morning, the Senate Judiciary Committee released a slew of transcripts related to its investigation of a June 2016 meeting at Trump Tower between the top brass of Donald Trump's presidential campaign and several Russians, including Natalia Veselnitskaya, a Russian lawyer. The meeting was arranged by Rob Goldstone, a publicist for Emin Agalarov, a Russian music star and the son of billionaire Aras Agalarov, with the express purpose of sharing "dirt" on Hillary Clinton. It has become one of the critical moments of the ongoing special counsel investigation into Russia's interference into the 2016 election and possible collusion with the Trump campaign. The transcripts released Wednesday provide the most detailed version of events of that day we have seen to date.  Democratic Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia suggested Sunday that Donald Trump Jr.'s reported meeting with a Gulf emissary who offered to help his father's presidential campaign could be evidence of a larger pattern of concern. "If the Times story is true, we now have at least a second and maybe a third nation that was trying to lean into this campaign," Warner, the vice chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, said on CNN's "State of the Union." "I don't understand what the President doesn't get about the law that says if you have a foreign nation interfere in an American election, that's illegal." Warner's comments follow a New York Times report Saturday that said three months before the 2016 presidential election, Trump Jr. met with a small group of people at Trump Tower in New York, including an emissary for two Arab princes and an Israeli social media specialist, who offered assistance to the Trump campaign, several people with knowledge of the encounters told the paper.