Anti-Americanism (also called anti-American sentiment and Americanophobia) is a sentiment that espouses a dislike of or opposition to the American government or its policies, especially in regards to its foreign policy, or to the United States in general.Political scientist Brendon O'Connor of the United States Studies Centre in Australia suggests that "anti-Americanism" cannot be isolated as a consistent phenomenon, since the term originated as a rough composite of stereotypes, prejudices, and criticisms evolving to more politically-based criticism. French scholar Marie-France Toinet says use of the term "anti-Americanism" is "only fully justified if it implies systematic opposition – a sort of allergic reaction – to America as a whole. "Discussions on anti-Americanism have in most cases lacked a precise explanation of what the sentiment entails (other than a general disfavor), which has led to the term being used broadly and in an impressionistic manner, resulting in the inexact impressions of the many expressions described as anti-American. Author and expatriate William Russell Melton described that criticism for the United States largely originates from the perception that the U.S. wants to act as a "world policeman.  Members of the Congressional Black Caucus directed their outrage Monday at President Donald Trump, for what they say was putting Democratic Rep. Ilhan Omar's "life at risk," following a series of Trump tweets that were sharply critical of the Minnesota freshman congresswoman. The comments came just hours ahead of Trump's visit Monday to the Minneapolis area, which includes Omar's district. "We know that he is scheduled to go to go Minnesota today and I imagine that he is doing that to further whip up irrational outrage over her comments. And in our opinion, this only furthers to put her life in danger," Rep. Karen Bass of California, the chairwoman of the caucus, said on a conference call with reporters. The meaning of the word American in the English language varies according to the historical, geographical, and political context in which it is used. American is derived from America, a term originally denoting all of the New World (also called the Americas). In some expressions, it retains this Pan-American sense, but its usage has evolved over time and, for various historical reasons, the word came to denote people or things specifically from the United States of America. In modern English, American generally refers to persons or things related to the United States of America; among native English speakers this usage is almost universal, with any other use of the term requiring specification.