On June 13, 2019, the Democratic Party announced the 20 major candidates who qualified for the first debate later that month. Gravel was one of the four who missed out (the others were Montana Governor Steve Bullock, U.S. Representative Seth Moulton, and Miramar, Florida, Mayor Wayne Messam). Gravel had been unable to get the requisite number of donations, or to score one percent or better in enough polls (many polls did not even include him). Nevertheless, Gravel said he would not drop out and would try to qualify for the July debate. Gravel did not compete in the initial January 3, 2008 vote, the Iowa caucuses, choosing to focus on the New Hampshire primary instead, and received no Iowa state delegates. Nevertheless, he was still subjected to a false report from Keith Olbermann of MSNBC that he had pulled out of the race afterward, as had fellow Democratic candidates Chris Dodd and Joe Biden. Later that night, Gravel's campaign issued a press release and YouTube video denying this and making it clear that Gravel intends to continue his campaign and that he does not intend to drop out of the race for presidency. Keith Olbermann later apologized to the Gravel campaign stating that a man named Alex Colvin, Gravel's press secretary, contacted MSNBC news at approximately 11:30 PM.  A disaster relief funding package that stalled in Congress this week has exposed strained ties between Capitol Hill and the White House, after one top Senate Republican described "disagreements" with a top Trump administration official over the proposal aimed at helping states stricken by recent hurricanes, flooding and wildfires. Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Richard Shelby, an Alabama Republican, aired frustrations with the White House's approach to the aid package on Wednesday. The comments came after he clashed with President Donald Trump's acting chief of staff, Mick Mulvaney, over competing demands for the legislation. "Probably in some areas, but we have our disagreements," Shelby said when asked whether Mulvaney has played a constructive role in the process.