Cathy Young, who has written other "stories critical of campus anti-rape activism," criticized Columbia University for violating the defendant's rights to due process, commenting there was "certainly enough evidence to grant Nungesser the benefit of reasonable doubt not only in legal disciplinary proceedings, but in the court of public opinion". KC Johnson, history professor at Brooklyn College argued that Sulkowicz's performance violated Columbia University's policy instructing participants in campus hearings to “make all reasonable efforts to maintain the confidentiality/privacy of the involved parties". After Sulkowicz accused Cathy Young and Paul Nungesser of invading their privacy while reporting on the accusation, National Review columnist Ian Tuttle wrote Sulkowicz wanted "to make claims about another person that cannot be challenged, checked, questioned, or doubted." Columnist and political analyst Mona Charen was critical of Sulkowicz, and said that "it seem highly likely that Sulkowicz is shading the truth". Sulkowicz responded to the lawsuit by saying it is "ridiculous that Paul would sue not only the school but one of my past professors for allowing me to make an art piece" and saying that Nungesser has made "continued public attempts to smear my reputation". The school, via one of its spokespeople, had no official comment on the lawsuit, and Kessler also declined to comment, although Columbia University president Bollinger offered a general statement: "The law and principles of academic freedom allow students to express themselves on issues of public debate; at the same time, our legal and ethical responsibility is to be fair and impartial in protecting the rights and accommodating the concerns of all students in these matters." The protests achieved two of their stated goals. Columbia disaffiliated from the IDA and scrapped the plans for the controversial gym, building a subterranean physical fitness center under the north end of campus instead. A popular myth states that the gym's plans were eventually used by Princeton University for the expansion of its athletic facilities, but as Jadwin Gymnasium was already 50% complete by 1966 (when the Columbia gym was announced) this was clearly not correct. At least 30 Columbia students were suspended by the administration as a result of the protests.