 Vice President Mike Pence saw the overcrowded conditions facing migrant adults and children in Customs and Border Protection custody firsthand Friday, becoming the highest-ranking member of the Trump administration to visit two federal detention centers in Texas ahead of controversial Immigration and Customs Enforcement raids targeting undocumented immigrants this weekend. "To be honest with you, I was not surprised by what we saw," Pence told reporters Friday, citing the humanitarian crisis and congestion. "This crisis is real, the time for action is now." Joined by a group of reporters, Senate Republicans and acting Homeland Security Secretary Kevin McAleenan, Pence visited two facilities in the Rio Grande Valley: the Donna Processing Facility, temporarily housing families, and the McAllen Border Patrol Station, housing single adults who have been found crossing into the United States illegally.  A group of more than a dozen House Democrats toured border detention facilities in McAllen, Texas, on Saturday, recounting "inhumane" conditions including overcrowded cells, rampant disease, and asylum seekers who had not washed or brushed their teeth for weeks. The delegation's visit comes one day after Vice President Mike Pence became the highest-ranking member of the Trump administration to view detention facilities in the Rio Grande Valley, and the day before Immigration and Customs Enforcement is scheduled to conduct raids in nine major cities. California Rep. Jackie Speier, who led the delegation, called it a "profound experience" to be there and tour the facilities. She praised the Border officers for "doing the best they can with what they have," but, like Pence, called for congressional action.  When an advance staffer for Vice President Mike Pence stepped to the podium at an addiction recovery center in New Hampshire on Tuesday morning, the update he delivered didn't sound good. "I do have some bad news at this point," he said seriously. "Air Force Two was headed this way, there's been an emergency." With that, a scramble ensued among the White House, the vice president's office and a confused public as to what, precisely, was happening, with thoughts immediately turning to a medical crisis or foreign calamity.