 White House chief of staff John Kelly said the reaction of the Trump administration to Monday's news of indictments is to "let the legal justice system work." "I think the reaction of the administration is let the legal justice system work, everyone's innocent until -- presumed innocent -- and we'll see where it goes," Kelly said on Fox News' "The Ingraham Angle" on Monday night. Former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort and former Trump campaign official Rick Gates surrendered Monday to Justice Department special counsel Robert Mueller, and former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos pleaded guilty to making a false statement to the FBI after he lied about his interactions with foreign officials close to the Russian government. White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said Monday that the President has "no intention or plan" to fire Mueller.  Early morning light lands on the North Portico of the White House in Washington. Former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort and his ex-business partner Rick Gates, who also served on the campaign, turned themselves in to federal authorities Monday in relation to the special counsel's investigation into Russian influence in the 2016 election. Manafort, left, leaves his home in Alexandria, Virginia. Manafort and Gates surrendered to federal authorities Monday.  Late Sunday, as a weekend of frenzied speculation and spin drew to an anxious close, #MuellerMonday began to trend on Twitter. A few hours later, a little more than two days after CNN broke the news that a grand jury had approved charges in special prosecutor Robert Mueller's investigation, the names were revealed. Former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort and his associate, Rick Gates, who stayed on with the Trump team through the election and into 2017, will face charges including conspiracy against the United States, conspiracy to launder money, making false statements, and more. The indictments, though, included no suggestion of election meddling.