 Sen. Marco Rubio declined to agree with a supporter who labeled Hillary Clinton a "traitor" at a rally in Greenville, South Carolina, on Thursday, preferring instead to stick to his usual attacks on the former secretary of state's record. Rubio was delivering the part of his stump speech where he criticizes the Democratic presidential candidates --  mocking Sen. Bernie Sanders for being a socialist and knocking Clinton for the Benghazi attack that occurred during her tenure at State. A man in the intimate crowd at a Crossfit gym yelled, "She's a traitor!" Rubio quickly disagreed with that label.  Brookland Baptist Church's congregation had a surprise visitor Sunday afternoon when Sen. Bernie Sanders popped in for an unexpected stop during Sunday supper here in West Columbia. The Democratic presidential candidate, coming off a loss to Hillary Clinton Saturday in Nevada, worked the mostly African-American crowd, stopping to shake hands, take photos and hug a few small children who ventured up to him. Sanders, campaigning in the Palmetto State ahead of Saturday's upcoming primary, was joined at the church by his wife, Jane, and also Ben Jealous, the former NAACP head who has endorsed Sanders. After mingling for a bit, Jealous introduced Sanders to the crowd as people milled around with plates of food.  Hillary Clinton notched a decisive win in the Nevada Democratic caucuses Saturday that could go a long way to helping her regain her footing on the path to the nomination. The former secretary of state fended off a fierce challenge from Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, who has captured the energy and enthusiasm of younger Democratic voters. Clinton's win was powered by strong turnout among minority voters and a well-organized machine in populous Clark County, where she was beating Sanders 52.5% to 47.4% with 87% of the vote counted. "I am so thrilled and so grateful to all my supporters out there," Clinton said as she took the stage at her victory rally in a ballroom at Caesar's Palace, giving a special thank you to hotel and casino workers "who never wavered."