The Joint Communiqué of the United States of America and the People's Republic of China, also known as the Shanghai Communiqué (1972), was an important diplomatic document issued by the United States of America and the People's Republic of China on February 28, 1972 during President Richard Nixon's visit to China. The document pledged that it was in the interest of all nations for the United States and China to work towards the normalization of their relations, although this would not occur until the Joint Communiqué on the Establishment of Diplomatic Relations seven years later. His career as a major movie leading man began in 1935 but MacMurray is best known for his role in the 1944 film noir Double Indemnity directed by Billy Wilder, in which he starred with Barbara Stanwyck and Edward G. Robinson. As he grew older, he performed in numerous Disney films, including The Absent-Minded Professor, The Happiest Millionaire, and The Shaggy Dog. In 1960, MacMurray turned to television in the role of Steve Douglas, the widowed patriarch on My Three Sons, which ran on ABC from 1960 to 1965 and then on CBS from 1965 to 1972, a twelve-year span during which MacMurray's scenes were filmed together for three months every season so that he could take the rest of the year off. Fletcher's erratic behavior in court leads to several questions of his sanity as he objects to himself and badgers and provokes his own witnesses into admitting they had an affair, which, based on the prenuptial agreement between Samantha and her husband, Richard Cole, would remove any claim Samantha has to the marital assets. Finally, right when it seems that Fletcher might lose the case, he discovers that a copy of Samantha's driver's license and her birth certificate display a different year of birth for Samantha, which suggests a technicality that Samantha faked her age and was under 18 when she signed the contract before she got married. This renders the contract void and entitles her to half of Richard's estate, allowing Fletcher to win the case truthfully. However, Samantha ungratefully chooses to contest sole custody of their children, whom Richard dearly loves, in order to obtain an extra $10,000 in child support payments from him, as she intends to hit Richard where it hurts.