In June 2008, the University of Michigan Press ended its relationship with Pluto Press. McCraken stated in an interview with Inside Higher Ed that the relationship ended because Pluto Press does not use the same peer review process as The University of Michigan. She also stated in response to a question that postulated a link with criticism of Overcoming Zionism that "the initial decision of the executive board of the press was that it would not make a decision based on a particular book" and that "certainly the free and open exchange of ideas is the foundation of everything we do at the university." Roger van Zwanenberg, chairman of Pluto Press responded to the decision by linking it to the criticism of Overcoming Zionism.  There's been plenty of talk about the gender pay gap in recent days after speculation that recently fired New York Times executive editor Jill Abramson was let go after speaking up about possible pay disparity between her and the previous executive editor, Bill Keller. In response to that talk, the New York Times publisher, in a lengthy statement over the weekend, said Abramson's total "pay package," which included stock and other compensation in addition to salary, was "comparable" to Keller's and was, in fact, more than 10% higher during Abramson's last year, and that her removal was due to her management of the newsroom, nothing else. Until we hear Abramson's side of the story, it remains unclear what role, if any, an alleged pay gap played in her fate. What is clear is how outraged women were hearing that the Times' first woman executive editor could be making less than the last male executive editor. The announcement on December 17, 1956 of a gift of land and capital development money from the Company to the University made it obvious that the focus of the agreement between the two was the building of an upper-division and master's level campus of the University which would adopt the cooperative work-study requirement as a part of its regular degree program in engineering and business administration. The University was to provide the regular professional and liberal arts courses necessary to a University of Michigan bachelor's or master's degree, with the co-op work assignments forming an integral addition to the regular academic requirements. UM-Dearborn opened as the Dearborn Center of the University of Michigan on September 28, 1959.