 The Des Moines Register, Iowa's flagship newspaper, announced Wednesday that it will issue endorsements for the Republican and Democratic nomination on Saturday evening, just a few days ahead of the February 1 caucuses. The Register's editorial board has interviewed every major 2016 Republican and Democratic candidate, some twice, with the exception of Donald Trump and Ted Cruz. "They declined the board's invitation for an interview, but doing so did not disqualify them from consideration for the endorsement," according to a press release from the Register. The endorsements will come as the race in the first-in-the-nation caucus state has tightened considerably: Republican candidate Ted Cruz leads Donald Trump by just three points in  Register poll released last week, and Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton leads rival Bernie Sanders by just two points.  Hillary Clinton, her voice softened and tone contemplative, stressed to Iowa voters in Burlington on Wednesday night that while this campaign has not been easy, she knows how to "what it is like to be knocked down but not knocked out." The race in Iowa, which is nearing its final sprint towards the February 1 caucuses, has been tightening in the last few weeks, and the pressure is mounting on Clinton to avoid a loss in the first in the nation caucus. The pressure on her Iowa operation was ratcheted up even more on Tuesday when a CNN/WMUR New Hampshire poll found Clinton down by 27 points to Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, her unexpectedly stout opponent. Clinton opened her first appearance since the poll by focusing on her own personal struggles and ability to bounce back from tough times.  The Democratic presidential hopefuls will face voters in a CNN town hall on Monday in Des Moines -- one week before the highly anticipated Iowa caucuses. Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley and Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders will field questions from Iowa Democrats in this prime-time event hosted by the Iowa Democratic Party and Drake University. "We are honored to partner with CNN on their town hall with our three fantastic Democratic candidates," said Dr. Andy McGuire, chair of the Iowa Democratic Party.