 Embattled FBI agent Peter Strzok faced off with House Republicans Thursday at a fiery and raucous hearing where he forcefully defended his actions in the Hillary Clinton email and Russia investigations amid sharp attacks over the anti-Trump text messages he sent. The nearly 10-hour hearing was a charged and chaotic affair with repeated outbursts and shouting matches between lawmakers and several heated and, at times, deeply personal exchanges between Strzok and congressional Republicans. "At no time in any of these texts did those personal beliefs ever enter into the realm of any action I took," Strzok said. "The suggestion that I'm in some dark chamber somewhere in the FBI would somehow cast aside all of these procedures, all of these safeguards, and somehow be able to do this is astounding to me -- it simply couldn't happen."  The House hearing with FBI agent Peter Strzok erupted into a shouting match Thursday afternoon after Texas GOP Rep. Louie Gohmert directly asked Strzok about his affair with former FBI attorney Lisa Page. As Gohmert went through his speaking time at a hearing on Thursday with the agent accused of anti-Trump bias, the Texas Republican sparred with another lawmaker, who called his statements a "disgrace." This prompted Gohmert in turn to raise his voice, turn to Strzok and say, "No, the disgrace is what this man has done to our justice system." "There is the disgrace," Gohmert said.  The House Judiciary and Oversight Committees held a hearing Thursday where for nearly 10 hours they grilled FBI agent Peter Strzok, whose anti-Trump text messages sparked outrage among Republicans and critics of the special counsel investigation. The contentious event brought together dozens of members of Congress who continued sparring over the 2016 election, the FBI and alleged Russian meddling in US politics as Strzok sought to explain his conduct and statements that have drawn the ire of President Donald Trump. While the goal was aimed at investigating allegations of political bias in the Justice Department, much of the information discussed during the hearing had been widely known for weeks. The showdown instead became a literal partisan shouting match and a largely political exercise, as both sides dug in and took shots.