 President Donald Trump told reporters on Thursday that he would still "like to" testify before special counsel Robert Mueller, who is investigating alleged ties between the Trump campaign and Russia's 2016 election meddling as well as potential obstruction of justice charges. "Yes, I would like to," Trump told CNN's Jeff Zeleny during an event on new tariffs against China. The statement came amid a shakeup of his legal team -- Trump's lead lawyer, John Dowd, resigned from the President's personal legal team handling the response to the Russia investigation. Trump's lawyers and Mueller's team are in the midst of negations over what topics an interview with the President could focus on.  Lawyers for President Donald Trump recently provided the special counsel's office with documents in an attempt to limit the scope of an interview between Trump and special counsel Robert Mueller, The Washington Post reported Monday. Two people familiar with the situation told the Post that Trump's attorneys are worried that the President could get into trouble during a lengthy interview with the special counsel, and therefore provided "written descriptions" of moments under investigation to limit some of the questioning. News of the attempt by Trump's attorneys came after a weekend where the President railed repeatedly against the Russia investigation, implying the special counsel team is politically biased against him and saying the probe itself should never have begun. Additionally, John Dowd, a lawyer for Trump, said in a statement on Saturday that he prayed Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein would end the investigation.  President Donald Trump's attorney announced Sunday that a veteran Washington husband-and-wife legal duo will not join Trump's team handling the Russia probe. "The President is disappointed that conflicts prevent Joe diGenova and Victoria Toensing from joining the President's Special Counsel legal team," his lawyer, Jay Sekulow, said in a statement. "However, those conflicts do not prevent them from assisting the President in other legal matters. The President looks forward to working with them."