 While President Trump's White House publicly berates the media, behind the scenes his top advisers are going to the media in an effort to tamp down rumors of strife inside the building. Trump's chief strategist Steve Bannon and chief of staff Reince Priebus met privately on Friday with reporters from The New York Times, The Washington Post and Politico, sources with knowledge of the meeting told CNNMoney. Related: On "Bowling Green massacre," Kellyanne Conway asks for leniency Trump team won't give media The purpose of the meeting, as these sources interpreted it, was to push back on recent reports suggesting that Trump's administration was suffering from chaos and confusion amid internal conflicts, especially between Bannon and Priebus, as well as opposition from officials in other parts of the government. One source who attended described it as a "Kumbaya meeting."  A former adviser to Hillary Clinton cast a skeptical eye toward President Donald Trump's decision to include a political aide on the National Security Council's Principals Committee. Jake Sullivan made his comments Thursday with CNN's Wolf Blitzer -- days after Trump moved to include Bannon at the table and amid reports of a raid in Yemen that led to the death of one Navy SEAL and numerous civilians, one of whom was the 8-year-old daughter of a US-born terrorist ordered killed by President Barack Obama. "I think it's very strange, and probably inappropriate, to have a political adviser, someone whose job is to talk politics to the President, sitting in the Situation Room and weighing in on the most consequential national security," said Sullivan in his first interview since the election. The former Obama administration official allowed that a president should get to decide who advises him, but that going to Bannon for national security advice constituted "bad judgment."  "So, was that a surprise?" President Donald Trump said with a grin, moments after unveiling his pick for the Supreme Court. The secret was finally out, more than a week after Trump had actually narrowed down his list of finalists to one man: Judge Neil Gorsuch, a Coloradan who sits on the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals. Until a few days ago, only a half-dozen of the president's closest aides knew Trump had made up his mind, and in a sign of the importance Trump ascribed to the secrecy of the pick, they kept it that way -- even amid a flurry of leaks on other issues.