 Mark Zuckerberg took the stage to deliver a keynote at F8, Facebook's annual developer's conference, on Tuesday. The CEO addressed Facebook's ongoing data privacy scandal, election meddling issues, and fake news problems, recapping the company's efforts to fix those problems. But he also tried to move the narrative forward with new product and feature announcements. "We are all here because we are optimistic about the future," said Zuckerberg. In 2013, Facebook was criticized for allowing users to upload and share videos depicting violent content, including clips of people being decapitated. Having previously refused to delete such clips under the guideline that users have the right to depict the "world in which we live", Facebook changed its stance in May, announcing that it would remove reported videos while evaluating its policy. The following October, Facebook stated that it would allow graphic videos on the platform, as long as the intention of the video was to "condemn, not glorify, the acts depicted", further stating that "Sometimes, those experiences and issues involve graphic content that is of public interest or concern, such as human rights abuses, acts of terrorism, and other violence. When people share this type of graphic content, it is often to condemn it.  Cambridge Analytica, the embattled data firm that worked on Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign, announced it is shutting down operations. "The Company is immediately ceasing all operations," it said in a statement Wednesday, announcing bankruptcy proceedings would soon begin. The company has come under fire over allegations it misused the personal Facebook data of millions. The company has likewise struggled with the fallout of undercover recordings by Channel 4 News in the UK that showed executives at the firm discussing Cambridge Analytica's efforts on behalf of the Trump campaign and the lengths to which they said they would be willing to go for prospective clients, including then-CEO Alexander Nix suggesting they would "send some girls around" in order to obtain compromising material on a hypothetical candidate.