 President Donald Trump's pick to head the CIA, Gina Haspel, would be the first female director of the intelligence agency if confirmed. Haspel, who served as deputy director of the agency under Mike Pompeo, Trump's pick to replace Rex Tillerson as secretary of state, since February 2017, has accepted the new role, saying in a statement that she was "grateful to President Trump for the opportunity, and humbled by his confidence in" her. Haspel is a career intelligence officer who joined the CIA in 1985. In recent months, Haspel has been running the day-to-day operations at the agency, while Pompeo spent a lot of time at the White House, according to former and current CIA officials with knowledge of the matter and a former White House official.  Donald Trump's elevation of Gina Haspel to director of the CIA is historic: She will be the first woman to lead the agency. While the announcement comes amid the chaos of Secretary of State Rex Tillerson's firing and the move of present CIA Director Mike Pompeo to run the State Department, it's important to note that in a nation focused on women's equality, payments to porn stars and a Trump administration that is far behind its predecessors in the promotion of women to top posts, Haspel has broken a glass ceiling. But it's also worth remembering that the purpose of elevating women is so they would be judged on their own merits, and not some antiquated notions of what a woman can and cannot do. Haspel spent most of her career in clandestine services, and she has succeeded in a scary, violent world.  A former head of the CIA expressed his support Wednesday morning for Gina Haspel, the woman nominated by President Donald Trump to take over the spy agency. Leon Panetta, who led the agency for two years during President Barack Obama's presidency and was also a chief of staff to President Bill Clinton, told CNN's "New Day" co-anchor Chris Cuomo that Haspel "really ought to be judged based on her entire record." Following Trump's Tuesday morning announcement of her nomination, Haspel's role in the CIA's interrogation and detention program has been scrutinized. The 30-year CIA veteran ran a CIA "black site" prison in Thailand in 2002, and she later played a role in the CIA's destruction of tapes of the interrogation sessions of terrorism detainees.