 Alaska Republican Sen. Lisa Murkowsi faces a difficult decision if Brett Kavanaugh's nomination to be a Supreme Court justice goes to the full Senate for a vote -- and it's a decision she's not taking lightly. But, she said, her vote will have nothing to do with the fact that she's a woman. When asked by a reporter Tuesday about how she's handling the weight of the shoulders considering the Republicans on the Judiciary Committee are all men and she's woman, Murkowski was visibly put off by the question. "Well, when you said on this decision, what decision do you mean?"  Republican Sen. Lisa Murkowski told CNN on Friday she plans to wait until after Judge Brett Kavanaugh and Christine Blasey Ford, the woman accusing President Donald Trump's Supreme Court nominee of sexual assault, testify before the Senate Judiciary Committee before deciding whether to back Kavanaugh's nomination. "What I have to do next week, assuming that the hearing moves forward, which I am truly hoping it does, that is the end, hopefully, of this vetting process that I have been engaged in," she said here Friday. "That's when I will make my determination in regards to Judge Kavanaugh." Republicans can confirm Kavanaugh without any votes from Democrats but given that Republicans control 51 seats to Democrats' 49, Kavanaugh's supporters have barely any room for GOP "no" votes.  Republican Sen. Lisa Murkowski, a key swing vote on the nomination for Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh,  suggested Tuesday that Deborah Ramirez, whose accusations of inappropriate sexual behavior against Kavanaugh were reported by The New Yorker, should talk to Congress. When asked by a reporter whether she believed the allegations against Kavanaugh were credible, she responded: "How can I base the credibility based on just what I read coming out of you all?" "If there are allegations out there, Miss Ramirez needs to be willing to come forward with them and just as Dr. Ford has been willing to come forward, albeit reluctantly, and I understand that is so, and so in order for us to take it under consideration, she needs to take the next step," she said. "I don't know if she has, but I do think that is important."