 A sharp decline in the number of international student visas has many of America's colleges and universities on edge -- and some say the Trump administration's tough stance on immigration might be partly to blame. The number of F-1 visas issued to foreign students seeking to attend college and other types of academic institutions in the United States decreased by 17% in the year that ended September 30, 2017, according to recent State Department data. "The current administration's 'America First' mantra is causing  a great deal of anxiety and fear," said Earl Johnson, vice president of enrollment and student services at the University of Tulsa in Oklahoma. "Also, the cost of college tuition, on average, has gone up 40% in the last 10 years. Economics professor Alan Zagier blames credential inflation for the admission of so many unqualified students into college. He reports that the number of new jobs requiring college degrees is less than the number of college graduates. He states that the more money that a state spends on higher education, the slower the economy grows, the opposite of long held notions. Other studies have shown that the level of cognitive achievement attained by students in a country (as measured by academic testing) is closely correlated with the country's economic growth, but that "increasing the average number of years of schooling attained by the labor force boosts the economy only when increased levels of school attainment also boost cognitive skills. The Civil Rights Data Collection (CRDC) is a biennial data collection from all public schools in the country conducted by the OCR. The collection began in 1968 to collect data on leading civil rights indicators related to access and barriers to educational opportunity at the early childhood through grade 12 levels. The collection was formerly known as the Elementary and Secondary School Survey. The data collected is used by the OCR, Department of Education, education researchers, policymakers and scholars from many fields.