 North Korean state media has praised Friday's inter-Korean summit as a "historic" and "groundbreaking development" that will help bring peace to the Korean Peninsula, in a stark shift in tone Saturday from one of the world's most tightly controlled propaganda machines. Less than 24 hours after North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and South Korean President Moon Jae-in vowed to formally end the Korean War and work towards the complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula, the Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) reported that the leaders' efforts "will set a new milestone with a transformational significance that will connect the broken bloodline of the nation and push forward common prosperity and independent unification." The report from KCNA -- the government mouthpiece famous for publishing threats to turn Seoul into "a sea of fire" -- was likely the first news that ordinary North Koreans received about what transpired at the summit. On Friday, Kim became the first North Korean leader to step foot into South Korean territory since the end of the fighting in the Korean War in 1953.  North Korea has dropped its long-held demand that the United States withdraw forces from South Korea in exchange for denuclearization, South Korean President Moon Jae-in said Thursday. The United States has about 28,000 troops stationed in South Korea, a presence that has long irked North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. However, in the burgeoning spirit of openness and diplomacy, Moon said Kim is willing to give up US troops' removal as a precondition for discussions over denuclearizing the Korean Peninsula. "North Korea has expressed willingness to give up its nuclear program without making (a) demand that the (US Forces Korea) forces withdraw from the Korean Peninsula," Moon said in a meeting with the press, adding that any proposed troop withdrawal would be a "condition that the US cannot accept."  For the first time in over a decade, the leaders of a divided Korea will sit down Friday to negotiate an end to a decades-long rivalry which has threatened at times to plunge the world into nuclear war. In a meeting heavy with history and symbolism, North Korean leader Kim Jong Un will hold talks with South Korean President Moon Jae-in at the Peace House on the southern side of the demilitarized zone that divides the two countries. The two leaders left their respective capital cities in the early hours of Friday morning, Moon in a convoy heading north from Seoul, as Kim traveled south from Pyongyang. Moon crossed the Unification Bridge to the demilitarized zone (DMZ) separating the two countries shortly before 9 a.m. local time.