In December 2017, Politico reported that Zinke had booked government helicopters for more than $14,000 to travel in June and July 2017. One of these trips was the swearing-in ceremony of his successor in Congress; the Department of Interior defended the use of government helicopters instead of a two-hour car drive by saying Zinke would otherwise not be able to fully participate in the swearing-in ceremony. An Interior spokesperson also said to a Politico reporter inquiring about the expenses, "Shame on you for not respecting the office of a Member of Congress." Another of these trips was the use of a Park Police helicopter to have a horseback ride with Vice President Mike Pence; the Interior Department justified the use of the helicopter over the three-hour car drive by saying "the Secretary will be able to familiarize himself with the in-flight capabilities of an aircraft he is in charge of" and that Park Police staff would "provide an added measure of security to the Secretary during his travel."  President Donald Trump announced Saturday morning that Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke will depart from his administration at the end of the year. "Secretary of the Interior @RyanZinke will be leaving the Administration at the end of the year after having served for a period of almost two years. Ryan has accomplished much during his tenure and I want to thank him for his service to our Nation," Trump wrote in a tweet. The President continued in a second tweet: " ...  Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke's departure means a change at the top, but not necessarily a change in the department's direction or the investigations involving the Montanan. Zinke's second-in-command, David Bernhardt, is a department veteran who crafted the Trump administration's plans for Interior during the 2016 transition. Since his confirmation as deputy secretary in the summer of 2017, Bernhardt has played a key role in consequential decisions. Next steps for Zinke and the department The weekend announcement by President Donald Trump -- that Zinke would leave the administration "at the end of the year" -- left many details unclear.