 Something amazing happened Thursday morning on Capitol Hill. Embattled EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt acknowledged that he had lied -- straight up! -- on Fox News last week when he said this: "I did not know that they got the pay raises until yesterday." At issue: Two EPA employees had received early raises totaling more than $80,000 -- end-running the White House, which opposed the salary increases, in the process. In March 2017, EPA administrator Scott Pruitt denied that he had met with Dow Chemicals CEO Andrew Liveris before making a decision to deny a petition to ban Dow's chlorpyrifos pesticide that had been initiated by the Obama administration. Research has concluded that even minuscule amounts of chlorpyrifos can disrupt the development of fetuses and infants. In August, it was revealed that in fact Pruitt and other EPA officials had met with industry representatives on dozens of occasions in the weeks immediately prior to the March decision, promising them that it was "a new day" and assuring them that their wish to continue using chlorpyrifos had been heard. Ryan Jackson, Pruitt's chief of staff, said in a March 8 email that he had "scared" career staff into going along with the political decision to deny the ban, adding "hey know where this is headed and they are documenting it well."  Scott Pruitt's controversial spending and travel decisions were the subject of a blistering congressional hearing Thursday, where the embattled administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency faced House members amid weeks of scandal. Pruitt first testified with the House Energy and Commerce Committee and then later Thursday he testified before the House Appropriations Committee. While he was scheduled to talk about the budget of his agency, he was sharply questioned from Democrats -- as well as from some Republicans -- over a long list of decisions that have landed him in the headlines. He's faced a barrage of criticism for allegedly spending extravagantly on security, building a soundproof booth in his office, approving raises for staffers and renting a condo from a lobbyist who had business before his agency.