In December 2013, Burger King returned to Finland, after three decades of absence. The first restaurant, located on Mannerheimintie in central Helsinki, instantly proved so popular that on every day since its opening, people queued in front of the restaurant to get in, sometimes for over half an hour. The only exception so far has been Christmas time, when the restaurant was closed. According to Mikko Molberg, the leader of the Finnish Burger King franchise, the restaurant has attracted over 2000 customers on every single day, which has surprised the restaurant employees and the franchise owners.  Democratic presidential candidate Pete Buttigieg on Wednesday slammed President Donald Trump's upcoming July Fourth "Salute to America" parade, saying that the event -- which will feature military tanks and flyovers in Washington -- only "makes America look smaller." "One of the reasons I joined the military was that in a small way I wanted to be part of seeing to it that my country was not the kind of place where a leader feels the need to boost his own ego by rolling tanks down the streets of our capital," the mayor of South Bend, Indiana, told CNN's Jake Tapper on "The Lead." "We've always been bigger than that." "We've been the kind of country that traditionally respects our military enough not to use them as props," he added. In 2017, Burger King briefly ran an ad to intentionally activate Google Home smart speakers. The end of the commercial featured an employee saying "OK Google, what is the Whopper burger," which would trigger the device to read the first sentence of the Wikipedia entry for the Whopper. Shortly before the ad's release, the entry for Whopper had been edited to include lines such as "America's favourite burger" and "100% beef with no preservatives". Although the ad worked for a while, after a few hours the commercial no longer triggered a search by the device, which was viewed by both The New York Times and The Verge to be a deliberate change made by Google.