 President Donald Trump asked his acting chief of staff Mick Mulvaney to put a hold on millions in military aid to Ukraine roughly one week before a call with the Ukrainian president in which he pressured the country to investigate former Vice President Joe Biden's son, two senior administration officials said on Monday. Trump, who was in the middle of a broad review of foreign aid programs when he singled out Ukraine specifically this summer, was primarily concerned with "corruption" in Ukraine and Europe shouldering more of the financial burden for supporting Ukraine's defense, according to one of the officials. News of Trump's order to withhold aid to the Ukraine ahead of his July 25 call may trigger questions -- and speculation -- about the President's motive in doing so. Trump had ordered a hold on nearly $400 million of military and security aid to Ukraine at least a week before the call in question, US officials familiar with the matter tell CNN.  Amid the ongoing firestorm over a whistleblower complaint regarding President Donald Trump's interactions with his Ukrainian counterpart --  and Trump's suggestion of alleged corruption centered on former Vice President Joe Biden -- you might think a Republican or two in Congress might see fit to offer even the slightest criticism of the President. And you would be wrong! "It is regrettable that House Intelligence Committee Chairman (Adam) Schiff and Senator (Chuck) Schumer have chosen to politicize the issue," Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky said from the floor of the Senate on Monday, adding that the "specific subject" of the whistleblower complaint filed to to the intelligence community inspector general remains unknown. (It doesn't.  President Donald Trump accidentally told a whole lot of the truth over the weekend about his conversation with the Ukrainian president. "We had a great conversation," said Trump. "The conversation I had was largely congratulatory, with all of the corruption taking place and largely the fact that we don't want our people like Vice President Biden and his son creating to the corruption already in the Ukraine and the Ukraine has got a lot of problems." Which is, uh, interesting.