 White House chief of staff John Kelly said the reaction of the Trump administration to Monday's news of indictments is to "let the legal justice system work." "I think the reaction of the administration is let the legal justice system work, everyone's innocent until -- presumed innocent -- and we'll see where it goes," Kelly said on Fox News' "The Ingraham Angle" on Monday night. Former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort and former Trump campaign official Rick Gates surrendered Monday to Justice Department special counsel Robert Mueller, and former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos pleaded guilty to making a false statement to the FBI after he lied about his interactions with foreign officials close to the Russian government. White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said Monday that the President has "no intention or plan" to fire Mueller.  Early morning light lands on the North Portico of the White House in Washington. Former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort and his ex-business partner Rick Gates, who also served on the campaign, turned themselves in to federal authorities Monday in relation to the special counsel's investigation into Russian influence in the 2016 election. Manafort, left, leaves his home in Alexandria, Virginia. Manafort and Gates surrendered to federal authorities Monday.  In response to reporting that President Donald Trump personally pressed for an informant's gag order to be lifted, White House adviser Kellyanne Conway said Friday that he wanted the informant to be free to speak out. "He believes, as many others do, frankly, that the FBI informant should be free to say what he knows," Conway said on CNN's "New Day." CNN reported Thursday that Trump told his staff to work with the Justice Department to allow an undercover FBI informant who played a critical role in an FBI investigation into Russian efforts to gain influence in the uranium industry in the United States during the Obama administration to be free to speak with Congress. Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, has called for the Justice Department to do the same.