The original non-Cabinet-level Department of Education was created to provide educational information to the state and local education authorities (many of which had already been established and created during the preceding decades on the state, city, town and county levels). The collecting of educational statistics had already begun in parts of Europe. The Office of Education was created to meet the need to gather statistical information on the fast-growing educational institutions of the United States, along with histories and descriptive articles, pamplets, reports and books, often in coordination with state universities. Reformers (especially Radical Republicans and Progressive and liberal Democrats)  hoped that the Office would become a powerful federal agency, but were frustrated at every turn by Congress, which did not or want to trespass on the right of the states and local jurisdictions in the cities, towns and counties to control educational policy - the time of "states' rights" was still in full sway, despite the recent Civil War, and it would take several other domestic and foreign crises in the coming decades to bring a sense of a more centralized and national policy to the forefront to make up for increasingly embarrassing shortfalls in comparison between America and overseas educational programs, especially in Europe. Instruction is the facilitation of another's learning. Instructors in primary and secondary institutions are often called teachers, and they direct the education of students and might draw on many subjects like reading, writing, mathematics, science and history. Instructors in post-secondary institutions might be called teachers, instructors, or professors, depending on the type of institution; and they primarily teach only their specific discipline. Studiesfrom the United States suggest that the quality of teachers is the single most important factor affecting student performance, and that countries which score highly on international tests have multiple policies in place to ensure that the teachers they employ are as effective as possible. A five-year, $14 million study of U.S. adult literacy involving lengthy interviews of U.S. adults, the most comprehensive study of literacy ever commissioned by the U.S. government, was released in September 1993. It involved lengthy interviews of over 26,700 adults statistically balanced for age, gender, ethnicity, education level, and location (urban, suburban, or rural) in 12 states across the U.S. and was designed to represent the U.S. population as a whole. This government study showed that 21% to 23% of adult Americans were not "able to locate information in text", could not "make low-level inferences using printed materials", and were unable to "integrate easily identifiable pieces of information."