A special counsel investigation led by Robert Mueller found that Trump and his campaign welcomed and encouraged Russian foreign interference in the 2016 presidential election under the belief that it would be politically advantageous, but did not find sufficient evidence to press charges of criminal conspiracy or coordination with Russia. Mueller also investigated Trump for obstruction of justice, and his report neither indicted nor exonerated Trump on that count. A 2019 House impeachment inquiry found that Trump solicited foreign interference in the 2020 U.S. presidential election from Ukraine to help his re-election bid and then obstructed the inquiry itself. The inquiry reported that he withheld military aid and a White House invitation in order to influence Ukraine to publicly announce investigations into his political rivals.  For much of the past 22 months, Democrats waited with bated breath to see what special counsel Robert Mueller had found out about Russian interference in the 2016 election and the possibility that either Donald Trump or someone(s) close to him colluded with the Russians to help him win the election. On Sunday night, those expectations were dashed. Mueller's report, as summarized by Attorney General William Barr, made clear that he had not established any collusion or coordination between the Trump campaign and Russia. On the question of whether Trump obstructed the investigation, Mueller was less definitive -- offering no conclusion. The second volume of the Mueller Report dealt with possible obstruction of justice by Trump. The report did not exonerate him of obstruction, saying investigators were not confident of his innocence after examining his intent and actions. Investigators decided they could not "apply an approach that could potentially result in a judgment that the President committed crimes", as they could not indict a sitting president per an Office of Legal Counsel (OLC) opinion, and would not accuse him of a crime when he cannot clear his name in court. The report concluded that Congress, having the authority to take action against a president for wrongdoing, "may apply the obstruction laws".