 Rep. Gwen Moore's office is rallying members of Congress to join her in raising a pencil on Tuesday during President Barack Obama's State of the Union address to honor the victims of the terrorist attack on the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo. At least 50 Democratic House members have already told Moore's office they will join her during some of the speech's applause lines when Obama speaks about freedom of expression and the terror attacks in Paris. State of the Union: Obama's Robin Hood turn "We in no way want to disrupt the State of the Union. We appreciate the fact that all members of Congress will be here at one time to show support and solidarity," said Eric Harris, Moore's press secretary who hatched the idea.  The State of the Union ain't what it used to be. Sounds like a statement, if found in print or said on-air, that would instantly draw e-missiles from angry White House officials. Instead, top aides to President Barack Obama have fully embraced that reality in rolling out the administration's agenda for 2015. Instead of prepping the President to unveil a laundry list of policy proposals in one speech on a cold January night, the White House has offered State of Union "spoilers" over the past two weeks.  In the span of a week there were three new proposals from President Barack Obama as the White House unveiled ambitious plans to fight cyber crime and expand broadband access, help kids go to college and give workers paid family leave. Add those new proposals to an existing plan to give more help to first-time homebuyers and there appears to be a full year's agenda on tap as the President prepares to give his annual State of the Union address before Congress on Tuesday. The rapid-fire "spoilers" coming out of the White House ahead of Obama's State of the Union address may seem like good ideas -- but many of them may remain just that. The Republican majority on Capitol Hill hasn't sounded receptive to many of the new White House proposals, though that's not a surprise to anyone who's watched House Republicans resist most of Obama's agenda for the past four years.