The United States secretary of transportation is the head of the United States Department of Transportation, a member of the president's Cabinet, and fourteenth in the presidential Line of Succession. The post was created with the formation of the Department of Transportation on October 15, 1966, by President Lyndon B. Johnson's signing of the Department of Transportation Act. The department's mission is "to develop and coordinate policies that will provide an efficient and economical national transportation system, with due regard for need, the environment, and the national defense." The secretary of transportation oversees eleven agencies, including the Federal Aviation Administration, the Federal Highway Administration, and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. The CTR Library is a special library with a focus on transportation research. It primarily collects reports and products from government-funded transportation research as well as other materials that support research at the Texas Department of Transportation and at the Center for Transportation Research. The library's collection includes reports and other publications from TxDOT and research programs at other State departments of transportation, the Southwest Regional University Transportation Center (SWUTC), the Transportation Research Board, the Federal Highway Administration, and other agencies involved with research in transportation engineering. Its materials and services are also available to the general public. APTA's membership comprises more than 320 public transit agencies, including New York MTA, the nation's largest transit system, as well as transportation-related businesses and organizations. Members are engaged in every aspect of the industry – from planning, designing, financing, constructing and operating transit systems to the research, development, manufacturing and maintenance of vehicles, equipment and transit-related products and services. Additionally, academic institutions, transportation network companies, transit associations and state departments of transportation are APTA members.