 Chicago Mayor Lori Lightfoot pressed presidential hopeful Pete Buttigieg to break his non-disclosure agreement with the elite consulting firm that once employed him, as the crowded 2020 Democratic race progresses toward the Iowa caucuses. Lightfoot asked the South Bend, Indiana, mayor, "Shouldn't you break that NDA (with McKinsey and Company), so that you have the moral authority and the high ground against somebody like (President Donald) Trump, who hides behind the lack of transparency to justify everything he's doing?" Buttigieg, who was being interviewed by Lightfoot on Friday as part of a forum hosted by the US Conference of Mayors and Accelerator for America in Waterloo, Iowa, pointed to a newly released statement from his campaign that detailed the projects, though not the clients, he worked with during his time at McKinsey. The release came after some of Buttigieg's presidential opponents also called on him to be more transparent about his time at the firm as some of McKinsey's work for the federal government, including for Immigration and Customs Enforcement on projects along the US-Mexico border, drew increased scrutiny this month.  Three former Obama administration officials are endorsing Pete Buttigieg for president, as the South Bend, Indiana, mayor continues to stress comparisons between his presidential run and that of Barack Obama's. Obama's former special assistant and personal aide Reggie Love is endorsing Buttigieg, the campaign said. Love, who began his time with Obama as deputy political director in his Senate office, was a ubiquitous presence at Obama's side during the 2008 presidential campaign and at the White House through most of his first term. The endorsement is a boost for Buttigieg from a high profile African American official from Obama's orbit at a time when the South Bend mayor is working to build support with black voters.  The New York Times Editorial Board called for South Bend, Indiana, Mayor Pete Buttigieg to disclose his clients from his time at McKinsey, a management consulting firm, in an opinion piece published Thursday evening. The board wrote in the editorial, "Mr. Buttigieg owes voters a more complete account of his time at the company" than the limited information he's provided while campaigning for the Democratic nomination for president. Buttigieg, who worked for the consulting firm from 2007 to 2010, signed a nondisclosure agreement covering his time at the company. He told reporters in September that he had joined McKinsey because "I felt that I need to get experience in business."