 Standing side-by-side behind the front window of their home, Lenora Hunter and her husband, Wayne, shot videos of the powerful tornado barreling toward this southern Indiana town. The images and sound of the couple talking with each other have taken on a decidedly tragic air since the March 2 EF4 twister -- with sustained winds of between 166 mph and 200 mph -- moved through Clark County. "It was my last time with him," Lenora Hunter told CNN. Wayne Hunter, 62, did not survive the storm. Mardi Gras Indians (also known as Black Masking Indians) are black carnival revelers in New Orleans, Louisiana, who dress up for Mardi Gras in suits influenced by Native American ceremonial apparel. Collectively, their organizations are called "tribes". There are about 38 tribes which range in size from half a dozen to several dozen members. The groups are largely independent, but a pair of umbrella organizations loosely coordinates the Uptown Indians and the Downtown Indians. Indians are the nationals or citizens of India, the second most populous nation in the world, containing 17.50% of the world's population. "Indian" refers to nationality, rather than a particular ethnicity or language; the Indian nationality consists of dozens of indigenous regional ethno-linguistic groups, reflecting the rich and complex history of the country. Due to emigration, the Indian diaspora is present throughout the world, notably in other parts of Asia, North America, the Caribbean, Oceania, and Africa.The demonymn Indian today applies to nationals of the Republic of India, although before the partition of India in 1947, nationals residing in the entirety of British India (including what is now Pakistan and Bangladesh) were known as Indians as well. In Canada, the Caribbean, and the United States, the term Asian Indian and East Indian is sometimes used to avoid confusion with First Nations in Canada, the Indigenous people of the Caribbean, and Native Americans in US, which are also commonly known as "Indian".