Indian English is the regional variant of the English language spoken in the Republic of India, and among the Indian diaspora elsewhere in the world. The Constitution of India has mandated Hindi in the Devanagari script to be the official language of the Indian union; English is an additional official language for government work along with Hindi. English is also the sole official language of the Judiciary of India, unless a state Governor or legislature has mandated the use of regional language, or Presidential approval has been given for the use of regional languages in courts. Indians are the nationals or citizens of India, the second most populous nation in the world, containing 17.50% of the world's population. "Indian" refers to nationality, rather than a particular ethnicity or language; the Indian nationality consists of dozens of indigenous regional ethno-linguistic groups, reflecting the rich and complex history of the country. Due to emigration, the Indian diaspora is present throughout the world, notably in other parts of Asia, North America, the Caribbean, Oceania, and Africa.The demonymn Indian today applies to nationals of the Republic of India, although before the partition of India in 1947, nationals residing in the entirety of British India (including what is now Pakistan and Bangladesh) were known as Indians as well. In Canada, the Caribbean, and the United States, the term Asian Indian and East Indian is sometimes used to avoid confusion with First Nations in Canada, the Indigenous people of the Caribbean, and Native Americans in US, which are also commonly known as "Indian". Overseas Indians, officially known as Non-resident Indians (NRI/NRIs) or Persons of Indian Origin (PIO/PIOs), are people of Indian birth, descent or origin who live outside the Republic of India. According to a Ministry of External Affairs report, there are 31 million NRIs and PIOs residing outside India as of December 2018. According to the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs based on migrants overseas with India as the country of citizenship at birth, in 2019 Indians comprised world's largest migrant diaspora populations in the world with over 17.5 million (6.4% of global migrants or 0.4% of India's population) Indians out of total 272 million migrants worldwide, this excludes the second or more generation PIO living in other nations.