Van Zandt, though he personally favored annexation by the United States, was not authorized to entertain any overtures from the US government on the subject. Texas officials were at the moment deeply engaged in exploring settlements with Mexican diplomats, facilitated by Great Britain. Texas's predominant concern was not British interference with the institution of slavery – English diplomats had not alluded to the issue – but the avoidance of any resumption of hostilities with Mexico. Still, US Secretary of State Upshur vigorously courted Texas diplomats to begin annexation talks, finally dispatching an appeal to President Sam Houston in January 1844. In 1843, U.S. President John Tyler, then unaligned with any political party, decided independently to pursue the annexation of Texas in a bid to gain a base of popular support for another four years in office. His official motivation was to outmaneuver suspected diplomatic efforts by the British government for emancipation of slaves in Texas, which would undermine slavery in the United States. Through secret negotiations with the Houston administration, Tyler secured a treaty of annexation in April 1844. When the documents were submitted to the U.S. Senate for ratification, the details of the terms of annexation became public and the question of acquiring Texas took center stage in the presidential election of 1844.  House Democrats are increasingly worried that an avalanche of outside spending by GOP groups will bury them this fall, putting more of their members at risk of losing, and jeopardizing their goal of winning back control of the House in 2016. Virtually no Democrat believes the party has a chance to pick up the 17 seats they need to regain control of the House after the 2014 midterms. But the House Democrats' campaign arm has been focused on a strategy to bolster Democrats in competitive districts and try to knock off some GOP members in districts won by Obama in 2012. The thinking is that keeping losses to a minimum this fall better positions Democrats for the next national election in 2016, especially if former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is at the top of the ticket and drives up party turnout.