 Consumer Reports has named the Chevy Silverado 1500 its "top-rated truck." The vehicle trumped Dodge's Ram 1500, which came in second-place, the magazine announced on Tuesday. The Silverado, made by General Motors, has a more ample cargo bed, several hundred pounds of greater payload capacity, and can also tow a heavier trailer -- up to 11,200 pounds, the magazine said. Plus, the Silverado's easy-to-raise and lower tailgate, corner bump steps, and a lower step-in height make it more convenient for some consumers, it said The magazine also found that Chevy's truck delivered the best-in-class fuel economy of 16 mpg overall -- one mpg more than the Ram.  Robot cars that can take over most of the driving from their human handlers will be ready for the road within three years, according to Elon Musk, the US electric cars and space entrepreneur whose bold predictions have come to embody an ambitious new era in tech industry thinking. Tesla Motors, which startled traditional automotive giants such as General Motors and Renault-Nissan with its electric cars, is now joining the race to build cars that can drive themselves, Mr Musk, the chief executive, said. The attempt to build a driverless car would see Tesla overtake Google, which three years ago fired the starting gun in this technological race but has since struggled to find a partner to build the cars. It also marks the latest attempt by Mr Musk to gain a technological jump on the rest of the industry after his company's luxury sedan, the Model S, became the first profitable electric vehicle this year. On August 6, 2018, General Motors announced that it might withdraw the Envision from the United States market, should a request to seek a waiver to continue to import the vehicle is denied. GM is seeking the waiver amid a trade war between the United States and China over tariffs that could hurt the sales of the Envision. The automaker sees the potential exemption as “the only way” to continue offering the vehicle to U.S. consumers, according to GM President Dan Ammann. The exemption was denied on May 29, 2019, but GM has opted to pay the tariffs without raising the price on the vehicle for the time being.