 Libertarian vice presidential nominee Bill Weld defended Hillary Clinton Tuesday night, acknowledging an explicit split with his running mate Gary Johnson. Weld, in an interview with MSNBC's Rachel Maddow, said he disagreed with FBI Director James Comey's decision to announce publicly the agency was looking into more Clinton emails just days before the election and defended the Democratic presidential nominee whom he has known for decades. "I'm here vouching for Mrs. Clinton, and I think it's high time somebody did," Weld said. Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson: Clinton presidency 'may well end up in impeachment' Asked about a campaign press release sent in the wake of the FBI announcement that was critical of Clinton, Weld said: "Gary and I have not agreed on a number of substantive issues in this campaign ...  President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama sought to lift Hillary Clinton to victory while Donald Trump warned she was the "face of failure" and predicted he would blow her away in Tuesday's election. On a dramatic final day of the ugliest campaign in modern history, the candidates and their surrogates held nearly two dozen rallies, chased one another through swing states and made desperate last pleas to voters. 2016 exit polls Clinton won the tiny town of Dixville Notch, New Hampshire, as eight residents cast midnight ballots in an election day tradition. Four voted for Clinton, two backed Trump while one person supported Libertarian Gary Johnson and one person wrote in 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney. The 2020 United States Presidential election will be the thirteenth contested presidential election that the Libertarian Party will participate in. The 2016 election saw the highest vote total and percentage of votes for a Libertarian presidential ticket ever, with former New Mexico governor Gary Johnson and his running mate, former Massachusetts governor Bill Weld, receiving over four million votes and 3.28% of the total vote. During his presidential campaign in 2016, Johnson often stated that it would be his last run for the presidency. Johnson won the nomination after winning five of the six 2016 Libertarian Party presidential primaries.