Philbin gained his first network TV exposure in 1967 as Joey Bishop's sidekick on The Joey Bishop Show on television (1967–1969). In a Johnny Carson-Ed McMahon vein, Bishop would playfully tease Philbin and he would take the barbs in stride. But his feelings were hurt when he learned from the network grapevine that ABC executives were dissatisfied with his work and his thick accent, so during the opening of one 1968 program, he launched an unplanned diatribe about "not being wanted and letting down" the program and abruptly quit on air. A few nights later, assured by Bishop that all was well and the barbs were not personal, Philbin returned. With roots in A.M. Los Angeles and A.M. New York, Live began as The Morning Show, hosted by Regis Philbin and Cyndy Garvey; the show rose to national prominence as Live with Regis and Kathie Lee, when Philbin was joined by Kathie Lee Gifford. That incarnation of the program ran for 12 years and continuing as Live with Regis and Kelly for another decade before Ripa, after hosting with guest co-hosts for nearly a year, was paired with former NFL star Michael Strahan. The franchise has had longstanding success and has won the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Talk Show and Outstanding Talk Show Hosts. On January 19, 2016, the show was renewed through the 2019–20 season. Gilbert received national attention July 8, 2010, when NBA basketball superstar and northeast Ohio native LeBron James announced that he was leaving the Cavaliers for the Miami Heat on a highly criticized ESPN television special dubbed The Decision. Following the special, Gilbert published an open letter in Comic Sans font (dubbed nationally as "The Letter" as a counterpoint to The Decision) to Cleveland Cavaliers fans in which he strongly criticized how James made his announcement. On July 12, 2010, NBA Commissioner David Stern fined Gilbert $100,000 for his remarks in the letter. Gilbert has since regretted the open letter, which he wrote in 45 minutes when emotions were running high, and it was taken down from the team website after a few weeks but remained widely available on the Internet.