New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson served as chairman of the convention while former presidential advisor to Bill Clinton, Lottie Shackelford,  served as vice chairman. Defining moments of the 2004 Democratic National Convention included the featured keynote speech of Barack Obama, a Honolulu native and candidate for the United States Senate from Illinois, Bill Clinton's opening night speech and the confirmation of the nomination of John Kerry as the candidate for president and of John Edwards as the candidate for vice president. Kerry made his Vietnam War experience a prominent theme. In accepting the nomination, he began his speech with "I'm John Kerry and I'm reporting for duty."  The challenge for Mitt Romney as he accepts the Republican presidential nomination is to push past the stiff and reserved perception that's been created for him by opponents and comedians and make a heartfelt and profound appeal to the millions of Americans who will be watching his speech Thursday night. Romney advisers say their biggest goal is to improve his likability and make the case that he understands how Americans are struggling and that he empathizes with the middle class. His highly anticipated speech follows blockbusters from former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and running mate Rep. Paul Ryan. The latter energized the convention and set a high bar for Romney with a point-by-point critique of Obama's presidency and what Republicans have tried to characterize as a failed administration.  President Barack Obama accepted the nomination of his party Thursday on the last night of the Democratic National Convention, wrapping up a three-day political lovefest in Charlotte, North Carolina. Obama's acceptance speech wasn't one of his best, but it was enough to send Democrats infused with enthusiasm as they head home and hope it spreads there. Here are five things we learned on Thursday: 1. Obama clears the hurdle  The president of the United States unleashed a corker of a convention speech on Thursday night in Charlotte.