 When Warren Weinstein was taken hostage by al Qaeda in the summer of 2011, his family in Maryland was initially reluctant to take their case to Congress. Weinstein's wife, Elaine, and his two daughters worried drawing attention to their loved one's plight -- especially media attention -- would make Weinstein, a government contractor working with USAID in Pakistan, a more valuable hostage to his al Qaeda captors. But the family switched course and went to their representatives in Congress in late 2013 after a video of Weinstein -- frail and apparently in declining health -- surfaced in which he said he felt "totally abandoned and forgotten" by his country. READ: Will the drone debate return?  Top congressional leaders agreed to back law enforcement officials' plan to rein in the celebrations on the U.S. Capitol -- including on the Fourth of July. The parties have at times spiraled out of control in recent years, prompting action from enforcement officials. As CNN first reported in early March, the U.S. Capitol Police Board sent a letter to congressional leaders in calling for the changes, citing security concerns, mounting overtime costs and an abundance of "coolers containing liquids" -- a euphemism for alcohol. The letter also said the changes were needed "in light of the current heightened threat environment" and "to reduce the potential for a breach of decorum or conduct that could prove embarrassing to the Congress." The influence of Congress on the presidency has varied from period to period depending on factors such as congressional leadership, presidential political influence, historical circumstances such as war, and individual initiative by members of Congress. The impeachment of Andrew Johnson made the presidency less powerful than Congress for a considerable period afterwards. The 20th and 21st centuries have seen the rise of presidential power under politicians such as Theodore Roosevelt, Woodrow Wilson, Franklin D. Roosevelt, Richard Nixon, Ronald Reagan, and George W. Bush. However, in recent years, Congress has restricted presidential power with laws such as the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 and the War Powers Resolution.