 When Michelle Obama spoke at the Democratic National Convention last night, she commanded the stage, she commandeered the narrative and she electrified the audience. The first lady may have been reluctant about the spotlight when her husband first became President of the United States. But her Tuesday night speech is just the latest example of how she's is a pro at carefully -- and effectively -- minting that most valuable of social currency: The viral moment. Remember ... ... that time when she jammed out on 'Carpool Karaoke' ... when she sang the praises of a turnip ... or showed off her mad 'mom' dance moves ... when she had a dance-off for the ages with Ellen   ... or broke it down at the Easter Egg Roll .. and, of course, when she dropped some knowledge about going to college  One of the most anticipated speakers at the Republican National Convention Monday night was someone who, in campaigns past, we would have already heard a lot from by now: the presumptive candidate's wife. And by the time Melania Trump finished her prime-time address before the rapt crowd in Cleveland, it appeared that she had gotten the job done. The speech itself was solid-seeming: delivered well and with grace and poise. Then came the controversy (it's a Trump event, after all): pieces of her speech bore not just an uncanny resemblance to the one Michelle Obama delivered to the 2008 Democratic National Convention.  Melania Trump stepped onto center stage Monday for the highest-profile speech of her life, but the moment was quickly overshadowed by controversy after it emerged that portions of the speech were plagiarized from Michelle Obama's 2008 address to the Democratic National Convention. Melania Trump initially appeared to deliver the speech her husband needed to portray him in a softer light. She offered testimony about the character of her husband, Donald Trump, and said he would never let America down. The former fashion model, who rarely takes a leading role on the campaign trail, was the star attraction on the first night of the Republican National Convention.