 President Barack Obama plans to heap "a lot of pressure" on foreign leaders to do more to fight the Ebola outbreak in West Africa, he said Monday. After meeting with health and national security aides, Obama told reporters the White House is developing protocols to screen airline passengers "both at the source and here in the United States," an indication that tougher restrictions on those who have visited West Africa are coming after an infected Dallas man entered the country on a commercial flight. Obama downplayed the chances of Ebola spreading within the United States, calling the odds of an epidemic here "extremely low." The President touted the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's expertise in fighting infectious diseases, saying, "We know what has to be done, and we've got the medical infrastructure to do it."  Eager to highlight signs of an economy on the rebound, President Barack Obama launched a midterm election effort Thursday designed to convince voters of a vigorous recovery that a majority still doubts. At stake: the power to get anything done in Washington during the final quarter of his presidency. "I want people the know there are some really good things happening in America," Obama declared at Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management in Chicago, both summarizing his election-year pitch and capturing the political problem inherent in having to describe an economic recovery that many Americans still aren't feeling. "Sometimes the noise clutters and I think confuses the nature of the reality out there," he said before listing his economic achievements, including bailing out the American automobile sector and reducing the rolls of people without health insurance. Obama took steps to promote various technologies and the technological prowess of the United States. The number of American adults using the internet grew from 74% in 2008 to 84% in 2013, and Obama pushed programs to extend broadband internet to lower income Americans. Over the opposition of many Republicans, the Federal Communications Commission began regulating internet providers as public utilities, with the goal of protecting "net neutrality." Obama launched 18F and the United States Digital Service, two organizations devoted to modernizing government information technology.