 In any political campaign, both sides are bound to make extreme statements and when that happens, the fact checkers get to work, cutting through the talking points to find the truth. PolitiFact is one of the most prominent fact-checking websites out there and every year, their staff picks what they consider to be the most outlandish phony statement from the past year in politics. Bill Adair is the founder and editor of PolitiFact.com and this morning he joins “Starting Point” to announce 2012's official "Lie of the Year." Adair says the 2012 campaign "Lie of the Year" is, “the claim by the Romney campaign that Jeep was going to move its production to China at the cost of American jobs.” He adds, “This was a last minute point in an ad made in Ohio but it really had ramifications far behind Ohio.”  Adair says the reason they chose the Chrysler ad is “because it was so brazen.” “They also put out a radio as that said the same thing and they continued to repeat it even after Chrysler fact checkers had said it was simply not true.” According to Pitchfork, record producer Larry Crane reported on his Tape Op message board that he had planned to help Smith mix his album in mid-November. Crane wrote, "I hadn't talked to Elliott in over a year. His girlfriend, Jennifer, called me  and asked if I'd like to come to L.A. and help mix and finish . I said 'yes, of course', and chatted with Elliott for the first time in ages. When Brion sent a bill for the abandoned sessions to DreamWorks, executives Lenny Waronker and Luke Wood scheduled a meeting with Smith to determine what went wrong with the sessions. Smith complained of intrusion upon his personal life from the label, as well as poor promotion for the Figure 8 album. The talks proved fruitless, and soon after, Smith sent a message to the executives, stating that if they did not release him from his contract, he would take his own life. In May 2001, Smith set out to re-record the album, mostly on his own, but with some help from David McConnell of Goldenboy.