 A group linked to the Russian troll farm behind thousands of fake Facebook ads paid personal trainers in New York, Florida, and other parts of the United States to run self-defense classes for African Americans in an apparent attempt to stoke fear and gather contact details of Americans potentially susceptible to their propaganda. "Be ready to protect your rights... Let them know that black power matters," the group, known as Black Fist, wrote on its website promoting the events. The group appears to have been set up in January 2017, and it ran events before stopping at some point this year, evidence that Russia's attempts to use social media to meddle in American affairs have extended far beyond the 2016 presidential election. The events, which appear to have been designed to suggest a connection to the Black Lives Matter movement, were -- unbeknownst to the trainers who led them -- likely conceived by the Russian government-linked Internet Research Agency.  US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said Thursday that Russian cyberinterference in American elections is "warfare." Haley was discussing Russian online interference in the 2016 election in the form of the use of fake social media accounts and the spread of misinformation while speaking alongside former secretaries of state Madeline Albright and Condoleezza Rice at a panel hosted by the George W. Bush Institute in New York City. "When a country can come interfere in another country's elections, that is warfare," she said. "It really is because you're making sure the democracy shifts from what the people want to giving out that misinformation.  CIA Director Mike Pompeo said Thursday that the US intelligence community determined that Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election did not affect its outcome -- a statement that was quickly clarified by his own agency. The "intelligence community's assessment is that the Russian meddling that took place did not affect the outcome of the election," Pompeo said, speaking at an event hosted by Foundation for Defense of Democracies. The CIA issued a clarifying statement after Pompeo's remarks. "The intelligence assessment with regard to Russian election meddling has not changed, and the director did not intend to suggest that it had," agency spokesman Dean Boyd said.