 A group of women who identified themselves as friends and former colleagues of Brett Kavanaugh defended the embattled Supreme Court nominee who has been accused of sexual assault on Friday at a news conference in Washington. Standing behind a banner that spelled out the words #IStandWithBrett, the women who spoke shared personal stories about their experiences with Kavanaugh and argued that the allegation he now faces is inconsistent with the actions of the individual they know. "Women from every phase of Judge Kavanaugh's life, those who know him best, have stepped forward to say that the allegation being leveled against him is false," said Sara Fagen. The event is the latest effort by allies of President Donald Trump's Supreme Court nominee to counter the allegation of sexual assault that may have the potential to derail his confirmation to the high court.  Mark Judge has no memory of the alleged sexual assault committed by Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh, he said in a letter Tuesday to the Senate Judiciary Committee. Christine Blasey Ford has accused Kavanaugh of assaulting her in the early 1980s, and said Judge was also in the room. Judge denied the incident and his lawyer said he has no plans to speak publicly. "I have no memory of this alleged incident," Judge states in the letter sent by his lawyer, Barbara Van Gelder.  Sen. Susan Collins said she is "appalled" by a tweet from President Donald Trump disparaging the woman who has accused Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh of sexual assault. The Maine Republican called the statement from the President "inappropriate and wrong." "I was appalled by the President's tweet," Collins said Friday, according to audio obtained by CNN of an event where she spoke with local reporters. RELATED: Senate Judiciary Committee likely proposing Wednesday hearing with Ford testifying first  The senator, who is a crucial swing vote on Kavanaugh's nomination, was responding to a question on what she thought of a tweet from the President suggesting that Christine Blasey Ford should have come forward with her allegation against Kavanaugh earlier.