 A huge mural in downtown Hodeidah shows a cow with the horned head of King Salman of Saudi Arabia. At the other end of the beast, US President Donald Trump tugs on its udders -- filling golden pails. They've got dollar signs on them. It's a graphic display of how people in the north of Yemen see America's role in a war that's been tearing into the fabric of their country for exactly four years.  In the 40 years since the Iranian Revolution, Middle Eastern policy in every major nation has revolved around one binary question: Are we friends with Iran, or are we friends with Saudi Arabia? Iran has built itself up as the Shia superpower in the region; the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, with its extraordinary oil wealth, is its most powerful Sunni rival. Whenever President Donald Trump, his administration and his family are faced with awkward questions about their closeness to Saudi Arabia, they have a tendency to deflect attention to the sins of Iran. Last November, about eight weeks after the dissident Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi was killed and his body dismembered with a bone saw -- reportedly on the orders of Jared Kushner's friend Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman (bin Salman denies any involvement) -- and amid rising criticism of US support for Saudi's war in Yemen, the Trump administration held a dramatic press conference to reveal evidence of new weapons being sent by Iran to proxies in Yemen and elsewhere.  More than six months after they were stopped by Saudi officials at Hong Kong's International Airport, two sisters who were determined to leave a life of oppression in Saudi Arabia are free. The sisters, who use the aliases Reem and Rawan, left Hong Kong late last week for a third country that offered them humanitarian visas. At their request, CNN is not showing their faces nor revealing their real names or the country they've fled to, because the sisters, aged 20 and 18, fear they'll be pursued by their family or allies of the Saudi government. The women arrived in Hong Kong last September expecting to stay for a two-hour stopover on their way to Melbourne, Australia.