 Thailand's military-appointed National Legislative Assembly (NLA) has voted 190-18 in favor of impeaching former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra for her role in a controversial rice subsidy program that cost the country billions. Though the vote was largely symbolic, as she had already lost her post, it also carries a five-year ban from politics. The news came hours after the attorney General's office announced that Yingluck, who was removed from office in May last year days before the military swept to power in a coup, will face criminal charges over the affair. If found guilty, she could face up to 10 years in prison. Andrew Beyer (born 17 Nov 1943) is an American expert on horse race betting who designed what has become known as the Beyer Speed Figure. In the early 1970s, while working for the Washington Daily News, Beyer did extensive work on the concept of speed figures and wrote books that helped popularize their use. By calculating variables such as the track conditions and the horse's time, Beyer speed figures give a measure of how fast a horse was in a given race. This number can then be used to compare a given horse's "speed" against its competition in an upcoming race, despite the fact that the horses have all run in different races, at different tracks, and are different calibers of horses. The Thai or Wichien Maat (Thai: วิเชียรมาศ,  (listen), RTGS: wichianmat, meaning 'diamond gold') is a newly renamed but old cat breed, related to but distinct from the Western, modern-style Siamese cat. This natural breed is descended from the cats of Thailand, and, among various groups of breeders in different times and places has also been called the Old-Style Siamese, Traditional Siamese, Classic Siamese; Wichien Maat (anglicised from the Thai name); and the Applehead, a nickname that originated in the 1950s (originally as a pejorative used by breeders of the modern-style, more extreme-featured Siamese). According to The International Cat Association: "The Thai is the breed dedicated to preserving the native pointed cat of Thailand in as close to its original form as possible. "Compared to the modern-style, more extreme-featured Siamese, the traditional Thai breed (and native wichienmaat specimens) have a much more moderate appearance.