 The debate over a secret recording between Donald Trump and his longtime attorney Michael Cohen continued Wednesday, with both sides offering different explanations of what was heard on the tape. CNN hired an audio forensics expert on Wednesday to review the tape and determine what is heard, what isn't heard and figure out what clues can be gleaned from the nearly three-minute clip. In a recording from September 2016, Cohen mentions a plan to buy the rights to a story that Playboy model Karen McDougal allegedly had an affair with Trump years ago. The tape confirms that Trump knew about the payment discussion in real time, while his campaign had denied knowing anything about the topic.  Less than 12 hours after being caught in a lie about his knowledge of a payoff to former Playboy model Karen McDougal, President Donald Trump turned to an old friend for solace: The conspiracy theory. In a tweet responding to the release of audio of a secretly recorded conversation between Trump and his one-time personal attorney Michael Cohen, Trump floated the idea that the tape was either incomplete or edited to make him look bad. "Why was the tape so abruptly terminated (cut) while I was presumably saying positive things," Trump asks mid-tweet. Which, of course, doesn't make much rational sense.  On Tuesday night at 9 sharp, any pretense that Michael Cohen might still be in President Donald Trump's camp ended. That's the moment when the previously secret recording of a 2016 conversation between Trump's personal fixer and the then-presidential candidate aired on CNN's "Cuomo Prime Time." The recording, in which the two men discussed a potential payoff tied to allegations of an affair made by a former Playboy model named Karen McDougal, was provided to CNN by Lanny Davis, the newly hired attorney for Cohen. Davis, in an interview with Cuomo following the playing of the tape, made very clear that Cohen had now broken free of his oft-pledged total loyalty to Trump and was now looking out for himself and his own interests.