 The White House announced Friday that President Barack Obama will travel to Omaha, Nebraska and Baton Rouge, Louisiana in the days following his final State of the Union address, both cities he has not yet visited as President. During the trip, Obama plans to talk about the economic progress both states have made under his administration and discuss the agenda for the rest of his term. The President's decision to engage with communities in traditionally Republican states after his final State of the Union is part of an effort by his administration to fend off lame-duck status and stay politically relevant, particularly as the spotlight shifts to the raucous campaign unfolding to replace him. On Wednesday, the White House released a clip of Obama in a video trailer previewing his speech to Congress.  President Barack Obama is viewing his final State of the Union as the start of a sprint -- a last chance to advance his agenda and shape his legacy. With a year in his term left, Obama and his aides are previewing a speech focused more on the long view and less on rehashing the partisan divides that have forestalled cooperation with Congress over the past seven years. He'll go positive, trying to emphasize the feeling the country is already moving in the right direction and doesn't need a dramatic course correction. And he'll emphasize things he doesn't need Congress's permission for, such as executive actions on guns or moving prisoners away from Guantanamo Bay.  President Barack Obama will deliver his State of the Union Address on Tuesday evening, the last of his presidency. While each president adds his own unique contributions and personal touches to the annual rite, the event embraces familiar styles, tones and traditions that give it a signature look: The pomp of the procession to the U.S. Capitol building, the Sergeant at Arms' shout across the House chamber announcing the President's arrival, the flood of partisan applause and the opposition party's response. These consistent attributes of the speech -- including the familiar faces who take part each year, the decor of the historic Capitol building and the ongoing clash of old traditions with new technologies -- make it a prime setting to borrow a few tricks from filmmaker Wes Anderson, to whom the video above pays grateful homage.