 Facebook announced on Monday new initiatives and requirements that it says will provide greater transparency and accountability for the ads that run on its platform. But Facebook itself concedes that these steps, which were announced the same day it was set to give Congress copies of the now infamous 3,000 Russian-bought ads it discovered on its site, would not necessarily have prevented all of those ads from appearing on the platform. The juxtaposition between the heightened accountability measures and the inability to confirm their efficacy highlights the immense challenge Facebook and other social media networks face as they seek to prevent foreign nationals from using their platforms to meddle in American politics. Related: Facebook to give Russian-linked ads to Congress on Monday For instance, Facebook said Monday that it will increase authenticity requirements on political ads by asking advertisers to confirm the business or organization they represent.  Last week, right-wing social media platforms widely shared a fake news story about an NFL player supposedly burning an American flag in the team's locker room. The story was thoroughly debunked by a number of media outlets. Yet, nearly a week later, it was still being circulated on Facebook, underscoring how fake news can flourish on the social media platform even after such stories have been disproved. This particular fake news story was based on an image photoshopped to show Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett burning a US flag while teammates and head coach Pete Carroll cheered on in the locker room. In January 2017, Facebook announced that it was testing showing advertisements in Facebook Messenger's home feed. At the time, the testing was limited to a "small number of users in Australia and Thailand", with the ad format being swipe-based carousel ads. In July, the company announced that they were expanding the testing to a global audience. Stan Chudnovsky, head of Messenger, told VentureBeat that "We’ll start slow ...