 Hillary Clinton will outline her plan for defeating ISIS on Thursday in New York City, her campaign said. The speech, which comes in the wake of the Paris terrorist attacks that took the lives of more than 130 people, will outline Clinton's "strategy for defeating ISIS and eliminating the immediate threats it poses, as well as her plan for combating radical jihadism more broadly," the campaign said in a statement. "Clinton will lay out her vision for the role American leadership must play in supporting our allies, protecting our homeland, and forging a safer world," the statement added. The attacks in Paris have grabbed hold of the race for the presidency, sparking conversations between candidates over what to do with refugees fleeing Syria and how to combat the rise of the terrorist group.  Republicans vying to replace President Barack Obama generally begin their comments on ISIS and Syria by criticizing the White House for "leading from behind." That's a given, but as the presidential race shifts from the economy to foreign policy, particularly on ISIS and Syria, Republican candidates may need more than calls for greater American leadership in order to stand out from a very crowded field. Few have outlined a strategy that goes much beyond what the administration is already doing. A multinational coalition led by the U.S. has launched 8,000 airstrikes against ISIS, leaders have been killed in drone strikes and officials from 19 countries, including Iran, Saudi Arabia, Russia, the U.S. and Turkey met in Vienna to devise a strategy for ending the conflict in Syria.  Russia pummeled ISIS sites in Syria Tuesday, including targeting the terror organization's self-proclaimed capital city of Raqqa and deploying dozens of cruise missiles. Though Russia has for weeks claimed that its campaign in Syria was aimed at ISIS and other terrorists, the U.S. has until now said that the strikes were largely aimed at rebels opposing Kremlin ally President Bashar al-Assad. But following ISIS's claim of responsibility for the downing of a Russian passenger plane, which Moscow confirmed Tuesday was caused by a bomb, the Russian attacks now seem to be hitting actual terror targets. "It may be now, having seen ISIL take down one of their airliners in a horrific accident, that that reorientation continues," President Barack Obama said during a press conference in Manila Wednesday.