 Steve Bannon said his former colleague and top White House economic adviser Gary Cohn should have resigned after publicly rebuking President Donald Trump for his response to racial violence in Charlottesville, Virginia. "I'm obviously talking about Gary Cohn and some other people, that if you don't like what he's doing, and you don't agree with it, you have an obligation to resign," the former White House chief strategist told CBS' Charlie Rose in an interview for "60 Minutes." A clip aired Thursday morning on CBS's "This Morning." "So Gary Cohn should have resigned?"  House Republicans unleashed their fury Friday over President Donald Trump's deal with the Democrats at Steve Mnuchin, with conservatives calling the treasury secretary's appeal to them to "vote for it for me" insulting and inappropriate. Mnuchin, along with Trump's budget chief, Mick Mulvaney went up to Capitol Hill shortly before a vote on the package, which included money for hurricane aid, a continuing resolution to keep the government open and a three-month extension of the debt ceiling. Multiple House Republicans emerged infuriated and dissatisfied that they addressed their concerns that the deal wasn't the right strategy to get some of the spending reforms they've been pushing. In the closed-door meeting, Mnuchin appeared to exacerbate the anger of House Republicans who opposed clean debt limit extensions, as the treasury secretary appealed to members to do this "for me," according to two members in the meeting.  For a few minutes on Thursday morning it appeared that Donald Trump -- the man who launched his presidential campaign by deriding immigrants and bathed in chants of "build the wall" at campaign rallies -- was open to a pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants in the United States. Then the President spoke for himself. In a series of statements to reporters on Thursday, the White House appeared to be debating itself over what the President would agree to on immigration reform, whether any deal hinged on funding for a wall along the US-Mexico border and what exactly constituted amnesty. Trump kicked off the internal -- yet public -- debate as he left the White House for a trip to Florida to inspect damage wrought by Hurricane Irma.