 Authorities have intensified their response to this week's Santa Barbara oil spill by announcing remedies and additional investigations. The federal government on Friday ordered the firm, Plains All American Pipeline, to suspend operations and make safety improvements on the ruptured pipe, according to a corrective action order announced Friday by the U.S. Department of Transportation. The California attorney general's office is working with local prosecutors as well as state and federal agencies in investigating Tuesday's spill that prompted a state-issued emergency in Santa Barbara County and the closing of two state beaches until June 4. "California's coastline is one of the state's most precious natural treasures.  The onshore pipeline behind this week's Santa Barbara oil spill was operating "well below its maximum operating capacity" when it ruptured and leaked more than 100,000 gallons of crude on coastal lands and into the ocean, the oil company said Thursday. What caused the oil spill, however, remained under investigation. The underground oil pipeline was carrying 1,300 barrels an hour, below its maximum capacity of 2,000 barrels an hour, said Rick McMichael of Plains All American Pipeline. "Line 901 was not operating at capacity before or during the release," McMichael told reporters.  Oil pipeline company officials said Wednesday that as many as 105,000 gallons of crude oil may have spilled from a ruptured pipeline on the California coast. The 24-inch pipeline ruptured along the Santa Barbara coast, leaking the oil near Refugio State Beach, a protected state park, just before Memorial Day weekend marks the start of the summer tourist season. Houston-based Plains All American Pipeline based the estimate -- what it called a worst-case scenario -- on the typical flow rate of oil and the elevation of the pipeline, said Rick McMichael, the company's director of pipeline operations. The pipeline is still underground, so it will take a few days to determine how much crude oil was actually spilled.