Jameson was "greatly admired" by writer Norman Corwin, who "found him to be a reliable performer, a man of modesty, who had a sense of dignity, without being stiff." Jameson appeared in a number of Corwin's productions, as actor and narrator, including The Plot to Overthrow Christmas (as Santa Claus), They Fly Through the Air, Seems Radio Is Here To Stay, There Will Be Time Later, Log of the R-77, A Soliloquy to Balance the Budget, Descent of the Gods (as Apollo), Fragments From a Lost Cause, America at War, and A Program to Be Opened in a Hundred Years. In They Fly and Soliloquy, Jameson was the sole performer. Corwin wrote several scripts with Jameson in mind. In Copenhagen he comes into contact with the Modern as a revolutionary force in the form of the natural sciences and technology, but also the cosmopolitan and intellectual circles of the wealthy Jewish milieu in Copenhagen. He becomes a friend of the banker Philip Salomon and has a brief relationship with his daughter Jakobe. Jakobe is young and passionate and not inhibited by Per's Protestant sense of guilt at indulging in the pleasures of life - but Per is unable to set his own passions free. Per also meets the charismatic Dr. Nathan, a fictionalized version of the intellectual Georg Brandes, who influences Per with his progressive ideals of bringing the future to Denmark. Kress was born on November 18, 1992 in Glendale, California. He has two brothers, Andrew and Kevin, neither of whom are involved in show business. Kress began his professional career at the age of four when he displayed a natural talent for memorizing and re-enacting the shows he saw on television, prompting his mother to take him to an open "cattle call" showcase where he was quickly signed with a talent agent. Over the next three years, Kress modeled for various print advertisements, as well as performing in numerous commercials and voice-over roles; the most notable of which was his dual role as the voices of "Easy" and "Tough Pup" in the 1998 feature film Babe: Pig in the City.