Boston University disbanded its football team in 1997. The university used the nearly $3 million from its football program to build the multimillion-dollar John Hancock Student Village and athletic complex. The university also increased funding to women's athletic programs. "By implementing the total plan, we can achieve a much more balanced set of sports programs for both men and women, which is consistent with the philosophy underlying Title IX", said former BU athletic director Gary Strickler. Whether the rise of Northeastern's ranking was the result of an effort to game the system or not, critics would agree that the institution's continual improvements in its placement in U.S. News & World Report's "Best Colleges Guide" allowed the university to improve rapidly via a significantly larger endowment and a more-competitive student body. This explains why it was able to attain higher rankings than other local schools such as Simmons College and Wentworth Institute of Technology (which were started around the same time). Northeastern's reputation benefited from a positive feedback effect, in that improved rankings gave the university access to more resources which in turn allowed them to further improve the quality of the university and therefore their rankings. The quality of the university has improved dramatically within the last two decades as a result of the introduction of new academic programs, far more competitive applicants, new buildings, a larger endowment, alumni donations, new satellite campuses, and the expansion of their flagship Co-op program. Since the early 2010s, the program has started accepting students to the university, then selecting students to admit to the N.U.in program. The idea behind this is to bring students with more diverse experiences back to the Boston campus by presenting students motivated by travel with the opportunity to immediately study abroad. It is also used to introduce students, professors, and communities across the globe to Northeastern students which could help with the university's global presence. Northeastern's goals for global expansion are outlined in their Northeastern 2025 campaign stating "Northeastern 2025 will build on the university's network of campuses around the world to create intercultural hubs for lifelong experiential learning: expanded study-abroad programs, international co-op opportunities, international dialogues, and coursework embedded with employer partners."