Later, in the month, Clinton announced that she wanted a Michigan delegation (and Florida's, in the same circumstance) seated at the convention, saying "I hear all the time from people in Florida and Michigan that they want their voices heard in selecting the Democratic nominee. I believe our nominee will need the enthusiastic support of Democrats in these states to win the general election, and so I will ask my Democratic convention delegates to support seating the delegations from Florida and Michigan." This seemed to contradict her previous statement on NH public radio where she said, "Well, you know, it's clear, this election they're having is not going to count for anything." The Obama campaign responded that it was clear these contests were for no delegates and that "it seems like Hillary Clinton will do or say anything to win an election."  Republicans expressed outrage Friday night after a report said the State Department will not be able to produce all of Hillary Clinton's daily schedules during her time leading the State Department until well after Election Day. The Associated Press reported that the department told the news organization's attorneys that the schedule release -- which shows with whom she met while serving as President Barack Obama's top diplomat -- will now last until around December 30. Only half of the detailed schedules have been released so far, according to the AP, which reported earlier this week that a majority of the private citizens with whom Clinton met or spoke by phone during her tenure had donated to the Clinton Foundation. "Hillary Clinton needs to end the stonewalling and either call for their release or release them herself," Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said in a statement. On November 12, 2007, the New York Times reported that "At two campaign events in Iowa this year, aides to Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton encouraged audience members to ask her specific questions, a tactic that drew criticism from an opponent for the Democratic presidential nomination and led her yesterday to promise that it would not happen again." In response, Clinton remarked, 'It was news to me  and neither I nor my campaign approve of that, and it will certainly not be tolerated.'"