In early 2003, McManus auditioned for the second season of Pop Idol, along with thousands of other aspiring singers from around the UK. Of the four judges, Pete Waterman in particular was critical as to whether she could make a career in the music industry, mainly due to her fuller figure appearance. However, she was the favourite of Simon Cowell, and after being put through to the semi-final stages, the public voted McManus into the top twelve, though she entered the finals as the bookmaker's rank-outsider. Throughout the finals, McManus was in the bottom 3 only once, and on 20 December 2003, she was declared the winner of Pop Idol. The story begins when the five major characters — Bronwyn, Simon, Nate, Cooper, and Addy — attend detention with teacher Mr. Avery after he found phones in each of their school bags, against the high school's no-phone policy. During their detention they hear the sounds of a collision coming from the school parking lot, and while the students investigate through the window, Mr. Avery leaves to see if he can help. Simon — creator of the 'About That' gossip app in which the personal lives of students at their fictional American high school, Bayview High, are posted for the rest of the school to see — begins a speech about the stereotypical personalities of the other four students and how he, through the medium of his app, is the omniscient narrator. He then drinks water from a plastic cup, announces that it tastes bad, then suffers a fatal allergic reaction. Simon Adebisi is serving a life sentence without parole for beheading an undercover cop with a machete. An extremely muscular man, he can physically intimidate many of his fellow inmates. As one of the leaders of the Homeboys (the black gang in Oz), Adebisi is considered one of the prison's most dangerous inmates, and becomes one of the most recognizable characters on the show. He is well known for his trademark tilted hat, which Akinnuoye-Agbaje suggested was inspired by the "Area Boys" of Lagos, Nigeria.