The Triple Crown Trophy is a silver trophy awarded to the winner of the United States Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing. The Triple Crown trophy has come to represent the pinnacle achievement in horseracing. Commissioned in 1950 by the Thoroughbred Racing Association, artisans at the world-famous Cartier Jewelry Company were charged with creating not just a trophy, but a true work of art. The result was a three-sided vase, each face equally representing the three jewels of the crown, intending to capture the spirit of horseracing's most sought after, and rarest, honor. The Triple Crown of Hurdling is awarded to a horse that wins all three of the open, two-mile Grade 1 Hurdling races in any given English National Hunt season:The Fighting Fifth Hurdle, held at the Newcastle RacecourseThe Christmas Hurdle, held at Kempton Park RacecourseThe Champion Hurdle, held at Cheltenham RacecourseFrom 2006-2010, the World Bet Exchange (WBX) put up a £1,000,000 bonus for any horse that wins the Triple Crown. WBX offered the prize, the richest in hurdling history, to boost the profile of the betting exchange prior to its launch. The bonus was split among the winning horse's connections as follows:Owner: £700,000Trainer: £150,000Stable Lad: £100,000Stable Staff: £50,000The only horse to win all three races in one season was Kribensis, a grey Henbit gelding, trained by Sir Michael Stoute in 1989-90. Since the WBX bonus was introduced, only Punjabi and Go Native came close to claiming the prize, each winning two of the three races. In the United States, the Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing, commonly known as the Triple Crown, is a title awarded to a three-year-old Thoroughbred horse who wins the Kentucky Derby, Preakness Stakes, and Belmont Stakes. The three races were inaugurated in different years, the last being the Kentucky Derby in 1875. These races are now run annually in May and early June of each year. The Triple Crown Trophy, commissioned in 1950 but awarded to all previous winners as well as those after 1950, is awarded to a Triple Crown winner.