 The state of Texas on Monday informed Planned Parenthood affiliates that it was cutting off the organization from the state's Medicaid program -- citing recently released undercover videos of as evidence of violations. A letter from the Texas Health and Human Services Commission Office of the Inspector General went out Monday to inform affiliates they are believed to be "no longer capable of performing medical services in a professionally competent, safe, legal, and ethical manner," according to a copy posted by The Dallas Morning News. The organization has been under fire nationally since the videos began coming out this summer from an anti-abortion activist group. One video was shot in a Texas clinic. Planned Parenthood partnered with the march by providing staff and offering knowledge related to planning a large-scale event. Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards said that the march would "send a strong message to the incoming administration that millions of people across this country are prepared to fight attacks on reproductive healthcare, abortion services and access to Planned Parenthood,  hopes that  many of the protesters will mobilize in its defense when Trump and congressional Republicans make their attempt to strip the organization of millions in federal funding". The national organizing director stressed the importance of continuing action at a local level and remaining active after the event.  Planned Parenthood announced Tuesday that it would no longer accept reimbursement for fetal tissue used for research, a move the group's president hopes will extinguish the firestorm sparked by the release of edited, undercover videos this summer. "In order to completely debunk the disingenuous argument that our opponents have been using -- and to reveal the true political purpose of these attacks -- our federation has decided, going forward, that any Planned Parenthood health center that is involved in donating tissue after an abortion for medical research will follow the model already in place at one of our two affiliates currently facilitating donations for fetal tissue research," Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards wrote in a letter Tuesday to Francis Collins, the director of the National Institutes of Health. "That affiliate accepts no reimbursement for its reasonable expenses -- even though reimbursement is fully permitted under the 1993 law," Richards continued. "Going forward, all of our health centers will follow the same policy, even if it means they will not recover reimbursements permitted by the 1993 law."