 The Trump administration is already in danger of losing control of the swift chain reaction and political storm unleashed by its killing of Iran's top general, Qasem Soleimani. President Donald Trump's claim that the drone strike last week made Americans safer is being challenged by cascading events that appear to leave the US more vulnerable and isolated. The administration's basis for the attack also came under renewed suspicion after Secretary of State Mike Pompeo told CNN that it was not "relevant" for him to reveal how imminent the attacks on US interests were that Trump said Soleimani was planning. In proliferating signs of the deepening crisis, Iran on Sunday announced that it was shaking off restrictions on its uranium enrichment under the Obama-era nuclear deal.  The Trump administration will brief House and Senate lawmakers behind closed doors on Wednesday about the killing of Iranian commander Qassem Soleimani, four sources familiar with the plans told CNN. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, Defense Secretary Mark Esper, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Mark Milley and CIA Director Gina Haspel are expected to brief senators, the sources said. It is unclear if the same officials will also speak with House lawmakers. News of the briefing comes as lawmakers continue to question the administration's motives for conducting the strike and challenge its shifting explanations as to why it was legally justified.  As the world waits to see who will move next -- and whether the Iranian regime or the Trump administration will strike again in any number of theaters  -- the success of any US strategy is largely going to depend on how grounded the intelligence informing President Donald Trump is. On Wednesday, Trump publicly addressed the situation with Iran, which has escalated in recent weeks, coming to a head when US forces killed Iranian military leader Gen. Qasem Soleimani. In the aftermath of the targeted killing, Iran announced that it would no longer adhere to some more of the commitments made in the nuclear deal. In the days that followed, the tensions escalated still further, culminating in an Iranian attack on on Iraqi bases that were housing US soldiers, early Wednesday local time.