 With a healthy lead in final polls the day before the Florida primary, Mitt Romney depicted chief rival Newt Gingrich on Monday as increasingly desperate in the race for the Republican presidential nomination. Romney and Gingrich continued to clash over the negative turn in the campaign between the two front-runners, with Gingrich accusing Romney of dishonesty. "He has been flailing around a bit trying to go after me for one thing or the other," Romney told supporters in a last-day stop in Dunedin, outside St. Petersburg. "You just watch it and shake your head.  One day after Mitt Romney won the Florida primary, President Barack Obama's re-election campaign remained focused on painting the former Massachusetts governor as an unpopular Republican candidate. In a memo addressed to interested parties and given to CNN by the campaign, deputy campaign manager Stephanie Cutter attributed Romney's victory to the bombardment of negative ads his campaign ran in the state, as well as by the super PAC supportive of his candidacy, Restore Our Future. "It's difficult for Romney to claim Floridians voted for him rather than against his opponents, since less than one-tenth of one percent of the ads in Florida promoted Romney positively," Cutter wrote. The contest in Florida has been the most negative campaign on record, according to a group tracking political ads in the Sunshine State.  Front-runners Mitt Romney and Newt Gingrich traded accusations of dishonesty Sunday as the increasingly vitriolic Republican presidential campaign headed for its biggest primary to date. With two days to go before Florida voters decide who gets the state's winner-take-all 50 delegates, Romney held a widening lead over Gingrich in the competition to become the first of the four remaining candidates to win two contests in this year's nominating process. With former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum canceling campaign events Sunday because of his young daughter's hospitalization and Texas Rep. Ron Paul forgoing Florida to focus on Maine, Romney and Gingrich shared the spotlight in the Sunshine State and continued to ratchet up the rhetoric. Stung by Romney's resurgence, which has benefited from strong debate performances last week and advertisements that harshly attacked Gingrich, the former House speaker accused Romney of waging a dishonest campaign.