DreamWorks Pictures  (also known as DreamWorks SKG or DreamWorks Studios, commonly referred to as DreamWorks) is an American film production label of Amblin Partners. It was founded in 1994 as a film studio by Steven Spielberg, Jeffrey Katzenberg and David Geffen (together, SKG), of which they owned 72%. The studio was formerly distributing its own and third-party films by itself. It has produced or distributed more than ten films with box-office grosses of more than $100 million each. Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. (also simply known as Warner Bros. and initialized as WB) is an American entertainment company headquartered in Burbank, California, and a division of AT&T's WarnerMedia. Founded in 1923, it has operations in areas such as film, television, and video games and is one of the "Big Five" major American film studios, as well as a member of the Motion Picture Association (MPA). The company's portfolio encompasses the film studios Warner Bros. Pictures, New Line Cinema, Castle Rock Entertainment and DC Films; the television production and syndication company Warner Bros. Television; the animation studios Warner Bros. Animation and Warner Animation Group; the publisher DC Comics; the video game development and publishing arm Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment; the pay television channels Cartoon Network, Boomerang and Turner Classic Movies; and a 50% interest in The CW television network, which is co-owned with ViacomCBS. In August 2018, Fox Television Group CEO Dana Walden outlined how the network would operate following the transition to New Fox. The network will commission and acquire series from "independent" studios (such as Lionsgate, MGM Television, Sony Pictures Television, and Warner Bros., the last of which being a co-owner of The CW with CBS but not outright owning a major broadcast network). Walden noted that the vertical integration of the major broadcast networks (including Fox itself) with associated studios had limited opportunities for outside studios, and cited several top programs that were distributed by third-parties, such as The Big Bang Theory and This Is Us (produced by Warner Bros. Television and 20th Television for CBS and NBC respectively). There are also plans for Fox to acquire new pitches directly from their writers, and offer them to outside producers.