 Last Friday, North Korea conducted a successful test of an intercontinental ballistic missile that appears capable of reaching American cities, including Seattle, Los Angeles and Chicago. This new development is a cause for concern, but not panic or rash aggressive action. The greater danger faced by both the US and the region is the reaction of President Donald Trump to this development. The existence of a nuclear power with the capability of striking the United States is an inherent threat, but it is one that the US has lived with for decades.  The Trump administration has said it's ready to unleash American military might to back its diplomacy when it comes to preventing North Korea from developing a nuclear missile capable of hitting the United States. But there is no easy military solution to the crisis and several of the options potentially under consideration could risk thousands of lives. US officials told CNN last month that revised military options for North Korea have been prepared and were ready to be presented to President Donald Trump. "What we have to do is prepare all options because the President has made clear to us that he will not accept a nuclear power in North Korea and a threat that can target the United States and target the American population," National Security Adviser H.R.  US Defense Secretary James Mattis issued a dramatic ultimatum to North Korea on Wednesday to "cease any consideration of actions that would lead to the end of its regime and destruction of its people" -- strong words that come just one day after President Donald Trump warned that the US could unleash "fire and fury" on Pyongyang. "The DPRK must choose to stop isolating itself and stand down its pursuit of nuclear weapons," Mattis said in a written statement, adding that the "regime's actions will continue to be grossly overmatched by ours and would lose any arms race or conflict it initiates." Mattis has consistently said that he prefers to resolve issues over North Korea's missile and nuclear programs through diplomacy -- noting military action could yield catastrophic consequences. On Wednesday, Mattis called on North Korean leader Kim Jong Un to cooperate with the international community.