 A day ahead of March for Our Lives, the South Florida school shooting survivors leading the gun control demonstration made their presence felt Friday in Washington, pressing lawmakers for their cause and asking why more restrictions hadn't already been passed. Students from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, where a shooter claimed 17 lives February 14 in Parkland, met face-to-face with legislators as part of a full day of pre-march events in the nation's capital. "America: We are your future. Why won't you protect us?"  Former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon presided over a program at Cambridge Analytica that had the objective of collecting Facebook data to create voter profiles, a former employee of the data science firm told The Washington Post on Tuesday. Bannon was vice president and secretary of Cambridge Analytica until he stepped down to run the Trump campaign in August 2016. The program reportedly tested various phrases, including some notable expressions from President Donald Trump's campaign, like "drain the swamp" and "deep state" as a way to persuade voters, Chris Wylie told The Post. Last Friday, Facebook announced it was suspending Cambridge Analytica over concerns it had violated the social media site's policies.  Many of the Democrats who've been urging stricter gun control legislation will join throngs of students Saturday as they gather in Washington and elsewhere for the "March for Our Lives" demonstration. The event is expected to the biggest yet in a string of rallies and protests nationwide since a gunman killed 17 people at a high school in Parkland, Florida, last month. The shooting sparked an unprecedented wave of student-led activism calling for more gun control and school safety measures. Saturday's march, which starts at noon, come a day after Congress passed a massive spending bill that included a large measure to increase security at schools, as well as legislation that would better enforce reporting to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System.