With the ending of the original series, it was announced that Starz had four upcoming spin-offs planned in the same world as Power. This included Power Book II: Ghost which is set after the events of the original series following the event's of Tasha and Tariq and starring Mary J. Blige and Method Man.. Although not much has been revealed, but the other spin-offs include Power Book III: Raising Kanan a prequel into Kanan's life (50 Cent), starring Omar Epps,  Power Book IV: Influence appears to be a sequel set in the political world, with Tate (Larenz Tate), and Power Book V: Force will follow Tommy's (Joseph Sikora) journey to Los Angeles after the events of the original series. Tim Goodman of The Hollywood Reporter observed in his review, "Power seemingly wants to be a show that tells a big, complicated, meaningful story about, well, the perils and problems of power and how one man deals with them." The New York Daily News staff writes in their review, "Power hits on all cylinders as it returns for its second season. Throw a couple of great women into Ghost's life—his wife, Tasha (Naturi Naughton), and his recently resurfaced lifelong flame Angela (Lela Loren)—and you have drama that's hard not to keep watching." Critic Brian Lowry of Variety states in his review, "The three previewed episodes of the show, created by The Good Wife alumna Courtney A. Kemp, move briskly enough, but they're still only moderately compelling.  A Chicago company is recalling about 2,020 pounds of raw ground beef that was shipped to nine states, federal health officials said. The beef is being recalled due to possible contamination with thin pliable plastic,  the US  Department of Agriculture's Food Safety and Inspection Service announced Friday. Two customers complained of finding the foreign matter in the beef, sparking the recall. One-pound vacuum-packed packages containing lot code "0060," case code "11402" and a use or freeze by date of "01/31/2020" on the product label are subject to the recall, the department said.