 The fifth Democratic presidential primary debate takes place Wednesday night in Atlanta, and 10 candidates will take the stage to make their case to the American people. The debate, hosted by MSNBC and The Washington Post, will take place in the shadow of televised impeachment hearings in Washington. Hours before the debate's start time, officials, including the US ambassador to the European Union, publicly appeared before the House Intelligence Committee. South Bend, Indiana, Mayor Pete Buttigieg enters debate night after emerging as the clear leader in the most recent CNN/Des Moines Register Iowa poll.  Caution ruled the night of the final Democratic presidential debate before the Iowa caucuses. There were some clashes on stage, but the generally careful approach from the four candidates that sit atop the Iowa polls -- former Vice President Joe Biden, former South Bend, Indiana, Mayor Pete Buttigieg, Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders and Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren -- suggested they all believe they have paths to victory and weren't eager to change the race's course so close to the first real test of 2020. The CNN/Des Moines Register debate's most memorable moment might have come from Warren, who, in a direct pitch for her electability, made the case that a woman is best suited to beat Trump in 2020. Warren and Sanders, after trying to de-escalate their ongoing feud on stage during the debate, appeared to have a tense moment as candidates exited the stage.  Six of the Democratic presidential candidates meet for the final debate before the Iowa caucuses on Tuesday at a strikingly fluid moment in the 2020 race when it appears any one of the top four contenders could emerge as the victor in the Hawkeye state. In tonight's CNN/Des Moines Register debate, the Democratic hopefuls are all trying to solidify their support among the state's many undecided voters, trying to lock down Iowans who will caucus for them on February. A recent flurry of polls suggests the top four hopefuls are locked in something close to a four-way standoff, with former Vice President Joe Biden, former South Bend, Indiana, Mayor Pete Buttigieg, Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders and Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren all clustered at the top of the field. More than a dozen interviews with likely caucus goers over the past two days underscored that indecision with many telling CNN they are still deciding among three to four candidates, including some who did not make the cut for the debate stage.