Donald Leon Blankenship (born March 14, 1950) is an American business executive and was candidate for the United States Senate in West Virginia in 2018. He was Chairman and CEO of the Massey Energy Company—the sixth-largest coal company (by 2008 production) in the United States—from 2000 until his retirement in 2010.On December 3, 2015, Blankenship was found guilty of one misdemeanor charge of conspiring to willfully violate mine safety and health standards in relation to the Upper Big Branch Mine explosion, however the US Department of Justice's Office of Professional Responsibility later found that the prosecutors who worked to convict Blankenship failed to disclose sixty-one memoranda of witness interviews  and thus committed reckless professional misconduct. Blankenship continues to claim his innocence, and has started to participate actively in local and state politics, after years of participating as a donor in his home state of West Virginia.He has frequently spoken out about politics, the environment, unions, and coal production. In 2018, Blankenship lost a three-way Republican primary for the U.S. Senate to Patrick Morrisey.  West Virginia Republican US Senate candidate Don Blankenship escalated his racial attacks on Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell in a new ad ahead of Tuesday's primary. And then -- in an interview defending his use of the term "China people" in the ad -- he said it wasn't racist because "races are Negro, white Caucasian, Hispanic, Asian. There's no mention of race. I've never used a race word."  In 2016, Don Blankenship was sentenced to a prison term for his role in a massive mining disaster in West Virginia. In 2018, he's one of three leading candidates in next Tuesday's Republican Senate primary in the Mountain State. Blankenship has drawn national attention in the past few days with his attacks on Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ("Cocaine Mitch" is what Blankenship has called him) and his wife, Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao, who the West Virginia Republican has suggested has nefarious ties to a foreign power as the daughter of a "wealthy Chinaperson." Most people assume Blankenship has disqualified himself in the primary against state Attorney General Patrick Morrisey and Rep. Evan Jenkins.