 Mitt Romney touted his economic and educational proposals, tailored his message to the predominantly black audience, and beat back an uncomfortable chorus of "boos" in an address Wednesday to the nation's oldest civil rights organization. During his speech to the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, the Republican presidential candidate stressed the need to reduce government spending: "If our goal is jobs, we have to stop spending over a trillion dollars more than we take in every year. And so, to do that, I'm going to eliminate every non-essential, expensive program I can find. That includes 'Obamacare.'" The speech, which was delivered on March 3 several hours before a GOP presidential debate, lasted approximately twenty minutes. Romney used the address, a targeted critique of Donald Trump, to declare that the candidate's promises were "worthless", describe him as a "fraud", and claim that "he's playing the American public for suckers: he gets a free ride to the White House and all we get is a lousy hat." Romney went on to predict that Trump would be handily defeated by Hillary Clinton in the general election, should he receive the Republican nomination, and criticized Trump for calling George W. Bush a liar. Romney encouraged Republicans to engage in tactical voting, by supporting whichever of the three remaining rivals – Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio, or John Kasich – had the best chance to beat Trump in any given state, thus increasing the chance that Trump would be unable to gain a majority of all delegates selected.  GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney received boos from the audience at the NAACP Convention in Houston Wednesday when he said he would repeal "Obamacare." In response to the crowd's cries, Romney said at a separate event later that same day that "if I don't stand for what they want, go vote for someone else." House Minority Whip Rep. Steny Hoyer (D-MD) tells Soledad O'Brien on CNN's "Starting Point" this morning that the response wasn't exactly unexpected. "I don't think Romney was surprised that he was going to get an adverse reaction," Rep. Hoyer says.