 President Donald Trump abused his official powers "to solicit interference" from Ukraine in the upcoming 2020 election, and the White House took steps to cover it up, according to a stunning whistleblower complaint released Thursday. Several White House officials were "deeply disturbed" by Trump's July 25 phone call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and tried to "lock down" all records of the phone call, especially the word-for-word transcript produced by the White House, the complaint states. The complaint has been at the center of a controversy that has spurred Democrats to launch a formal impeachment inquiry. The White House on Wednesday also released a rough transcript of the call that shows Trump repeatedly pressed Ukraine to investigate former Vice President Joe Biden and his son, Hunter.  President Donald Trump's personal attorney Rudy Giuliani has been "more directly involved at nearly every stage of the entanglement with Ukraine" than others in the administration, angering officials who are blaming the former New York City mayor for the impeachment inquiry the House has opened into Trump, The Washington Post reports. According to the Post, a whistleblower complaint stemming from Trump's July phone conversation with the Ukrainian President that led to the impeachment inquiry "includes references to other developments tied to the president, including efforts by Giuliani to insert himself into U.S.-Ukrainian relations." Giuliani's involvement in the US' relationship with the country has upset some officials in the administration, the paper said. "Rudy — he did all of this," one US official said, according to the Post.  President Donald Trump asked his acting chief of staff Mick Mulvaney to put a hold on millions in military aid to Ukraine roughly one week before a call with the Ukrainian president in which he pressured the country to investigate former Vice President Joe Biden's son, two senior administration officials said on Monday. Trump, who was in the middle of a broad review of foreign aid programs when he singled out Ukraine specifically this summer, was primarily concerned with "corruption" in Ukraine and Europe shouldering more of the financial burden for supporting Ukraine's defense, according to one of the officials. News of Trump's order to withhold aid to the Ukraine ahead of his July 25 call may trigger questions -- and speculation -- about the President's motive in doing so. Trump had ordered a hold on nearly $400 million of military and security aid to Ukraine at least a week before the call in question, US officials familiar with the matter tell CNN.