 President Barack Obama told congressional leaders on Tuesday he has the authority to carry out his planned strategy against ISIS fighters in Iraq and Syria without authorization from legislators, but he asked for their support to show the nation was united. Obama "reiterated his belief that the nation is stronger and our efforts more effective when the President and Congress work together to combat a national security threat" like the Sunni jihadists who call themselves the Islamic State, a White House statement said. "The President told the leaders that he would welcome action by the Congress that would aid the overall effort and demonstrate to the world that the United States is united in defeating the threat," it added. Earlier, two senior legislators -- one from each party -- told CNN's Dana Bash that a congressional vote on military action against the jihadists was unlikely despite calls for one by many of their colleagues.  When President Barack Obama steps in front of cameras Wednesday, he'll be addressing a nation that's simultaneously war-weary and ready for more military action against ISIS; critical of Obama's handling of the crisis yet largely supportive of his commitment to keep combat troops out. Those currents of public opinion, however convoluted, will shape how Obama frames his strategy for "degrading and ultimately defeating" the Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria, which Americans now believe pose a real threat and must be combated. Here's what the polling suggests Americans are listening for when Obama speaks Wednesday: What's your plan? When Obama admitted to reporters his administration lacked a strategy for combating ISIS in Syria, Americans largely agreed with him.  President Barack Obama will address the country Wednesday to explain to the nation "what our game plan is going forward" in the fight against ISIS. In an interview that aired Sunday on NBC's "Meet the Press," Obama expressed confidence that the United States, with help from regional partners, will be able to wipe out the terror organization. "I just want the American people to understand the nature of the threat and how we're going to deal with it and to have confidence that we'll be able to deal with it," the President told interviewer Chuck Todd. He said action will include military, diplomatic and economic components.