 When Donald Trump held a press conference with Bill Clinton's accusers before Sunday night's debate, he was dredging up decades-old stories that have been sustained by a far-right media echo-chamber that has been at war with the Clintons since the 1990s. Trump was also taking advantage of his close ties to the site that is now at the top of that echo-chamber. On Sunday morning, Breitbart News -- whose chairman, Steve Bannon, is on leave to be CEO of the Trump campaign -- posted new interviews with Paula Jones, Kathleen Willey and Juanita Broaddrick, all of whom have accused Bill Clinton of inappropriate sexual activity. Related: Trump appears with Bill Clinton accusers before debate Trump tweeted out a link to that story immediately after it came out, and by Sunday night he was appearing with the women who were the subject of the article, in what many pundits described as a reality television-style publicity stunt.  Less than two hours before he was to debate Hillary Clinton Sunday night, Donald Trump tried to wrest control of the political conversation and shove it toward her husband by live streaming an appearance with three women who have in the past accused former President Bill Clinton of inappropriate sexual behavior. Trump's panel included Kathleen Willey, Juanita Broaddrick, Paula Jones and another woman, Kathy Shelton, whose rapist was defended by Hillary Clinton as a young lawyer. That man was convicted of a lesser charge and served 10 months in jail. All four women attended the presidential debate in St. Louis, as is Bill Clinton.  Donald Trump created an awkward situation during Sunday's presidential debate, where the candidates were free to roam around the stage, and the Republican nominee chose to stand right behind Hillary Clinton. While the Democratic presidential nominee responded to an audience member's question about the Affordable Care Act, Donald Trump uncomfortably stood behind her drawing immediate criticism. Kellyanne Conway, Trump's campaign manager, tweeted, "How you know @realDonaldTrump won the debate: 1) you watched it 2) Hillary (and media) spin will be about him standing behind her #yawn" Here's a look at some of the responses to Trump looming and pacing on Twitter: