It is soon revealed in mid-August 2017 that Phelan never killed Andy, but has instead chained him up in the cellar of an abandoned property and kept him captive since their last confrontation on Phelan's wedding day; this explains Phelan's admission during his church visit, as well as the number of times that he has been skulking behind his wife's back — including the reason behind a black eye he caught a couple of months ago. Since keeping Andy captive for eight months, Phelan has psychologically tormented him through near-death experiences and torture; with Phelan forcibly restraining Andy when he attempts to strange his captor in a failed attempt to escape at one point, and later nearly executing him with a shovel when Andy feels unwell following the incident in another stage. Phelan initially contemplates leaving Andy to die, but has a change of heart after overhearing Nicola telling Billy how appreciated she feels towards him since the DNA test; Phelan acquires some antibiotics from Eileen's best friend Liz McDonald (Beverley Callard) at the dentist, feigning a toothache to cover up his secret, before delivering them to Andy — saving his life in the process. When Liz informs Eileen about Phelan's visit to the dentist, she confronts him at the house just as Phelan is checking up on Andy's condition. In May 2018, Phelan takes refugee at a caravan park in Abergele — where he uses a false identity on a mother's social group to keep in contact with an oblivious Nicola. Towards the end of the month, Gary becomes suspicious with her mysterious contact and quickly finds out that it was Phelan after tracking his location in Wales — with help from his army friend, Joe Haslam (Chord Melodic). Intending to finish him for good, Gary attacks Phelan with a bat; however, he is quickly subdued and is on the verge of getting killed when Joe intervenes, knocking out Phelan with a rock. The pair brought Phelan back to Weatherfield and held him captive in the builder's yard, where Gary had planned to get revenge on him for what he did to his family. In April 2014, Phelan demotes Owen from his position as the project's site manager — replacing him with a disrespectful foreman: Clive (Gary Whitaker), who constantly antagonizes Owen throughout his shift. Towards the end of the evening, Phelan orders Owen to clean up the worksite alone before leaving the area with Clive — who unknowingly forgets to collect his lighter; Owen later finds the lighter and plans on setting fire to the worksite, destroying Phelan's empire in the process. Just as he prepares to do so, however, Anna confronts him for running late in attending Faye's school play and soon learns of the situation that Phelan has inflicted upon their family. After failing to request Valerie in convincing her husband to back down, even when telling her about how the actions Phelan has caused, Anna personally visits Phelan and pleads with him to easy on Gary and Owen;