  Scotland will remain part of the United Kingdom -- along with England, Wales and Northern Ireland -- following a historic referendum vote. A majority of voters rejected the possibility of Scotland breaking away and becoming an independent nation. With 31 of 32 councils declared, the "No" campaign has won the referendum on Scottish independence. Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond admitted defeat in Scotland's independence referendum Friday -- and urged the rest of Scotland to do the same.  The three main UK party leaders gave a joint promise Tuesday that Scotland will get extra powers if it opts to stay part of the United Kingdom in a landmark vote in two days' time. Opinion polls have put the pro-independence and pro-union camps neck-and-neck in the run-up to Thursday's referendum. With the survival of the 300-year-old union of England, Scotland and Wales as Great Britain on a knife-edge, UK Prime Minister David Cameron of the Conservatives, coalition partner Nick Clegg of the Liberal Democrats and Labour leader Ed Miliband have joined forces to beg Scotland to stay. In a pledge published on the front page of Scotland's Daily Record newspaper, the three leaders say that if Scotland's voters reject independence, work to devolve "extensive new powers" from the central government in Westminster will start Friday.  UK Prime Minister David Cameron is campaigning in Scotland Wednesday in a last-minute bid to persuade voters to stick with the United Kingdom ahead of an independence referendum in eight days. Also north of the border are Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg of the Liberal Democrats, partners with Cameron's Conservatives in the coalition government, and opposition Labour Party leader Ed Miliband. The trip comes as the latest opinion polls indicated that the pro-independence and pro-union campaigns are neck-and-neck. If Scotland's voters choose independence on September 18, it will mean the breakup of a 307-year-old union between England, Wales and Scotland as Great Britain.