 One of the actresses in "Innocence of Muslims" -- the anti-Islam film that ignited a firestorm in the Muslim world -- is suing the producer of the film, Nakoula Basseley Nakoula, claiming she is a victim of fraud, invasion of privacy and misappropriation of her likeness. In a 17-page complaint filed Wednesday in Los Angeles Superior Court, the lawsuit from Cindy Lee Garcia also names YouTube LLC, the video-sharing website on which the video is posted, and its parent company, Google Inc., as causing irreparable harm to Ms. Garcia for refusing to remove the content from their site. ""The lawsuit is not an attack on the First Amendment or the right of Americans to say what they think," but it demands the content be pulled off because "Ms. Garcia in no way consented to the use of her performance, image or likeness in such an offensive and vile film," Garcia's attorney, M. Cris Armenta, said in a statement. In an interview with CNN, Garcia said she spoke with the producer after the unrest began.  Federal officials are reviewing the probation of a local man believed to the maker of an anti-Islam film that ignited a firestorm in the Muslim world, a court spokeswoman said Friday. Nakoula Basseley Nakoula was convicted in 2009 of bank fraud and was placed on supervised probation for five years. Federal officials consider Nakoula to be the filmmaker behind the anti-Islam "Innocence of Muslims." A review of his federal probation is ongoing, said Karen Redmond, spokeswoman for the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts.  Lily Dionne had been in Hollywood a week when she answered an ad on Craigslist looking for actors for an action-adventure film called "Desert Warrior." Now, Dionne says she feels betrayed by the California filmmaker who turned the low budget-movie with a threadbare plot into an anti-Islam film that provoked outrage -- with sometimes violent results -- in parts of the Muslim world. When news broke that violent mobs attacked the U.S. consulate in the Libyan city of Benghazi, leaving Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans dead, she was overwhelmed. "I was shaking when I found out.