In May 2012, Davidson informed followers on her Twitter page that she had been let go from The Young and the Restless. Davidson further confirmed she did not know why she was let go, but was seeing the positive light from it. It was later announced by Nelson Branco that Sony Pictures Entertainment wanted Davidson on both The Young and the Restless and Days of Our Lives, but that Y&R would not share the actress, leading to Sony terminating her contract with that show. Thus it was announced that Davidson would reprise her roles of Kristen Blake and Susan Banks on the NBC Daytime soap. In an interview with Michael Fairman of On Air On Soaps, Davidson opened up about the pressure to re-capture the magic she had with the series 14 years ago. She said that she feels "pressure, but in lots of different ways", "not only with the fans who knew me back then, but the fans who don’t know me now, because I had five years to build that character and all the insanity and the drama was so heightened because of what was going on with Marlena and John at that time." Davidson felt that she wasn't sure whether or not Kristen would "have enough of an impact" upon her return, but praised the writers as "terrific" and hoped that audiences would be receptive of her. In 2017, head writer Ron Carlivati discussed the decision behind having Susan Banks being responsible for Will Horton's disappearance and resurrection, stating: "When we went to explore who might have a motivation to initiate Will's disappearance or Will's death, Susan came to mind, and we came up with a story that would require  involved." Carlivati admitted his reluctance to this decision, due to Davidson's commitment to The Young and the Restless, even considering a recast for the role, however, deemed that "trickier". Davidson announced that her scenes became a collaborative effort as Carlivati was unfamiliar with Susan and was relying on others to fill him in – "But who better than, you know, the person that played her? was very open to hearing my input, and when I thought that it was maybe too broad, he would let me change it or cut it or whatever I needed to do.