 Rep. Mark Meadows, the chairman of the conservative House Freedom Caucus, is working on a plan that could win support among the ranks of the moderate Republican Tuesday Group in the House and planned to present it to House Speaker Paul Ryan for review Tuesday. "Meadows has continued in discussion with the speaker and White House in last few days to move this forward," said a source with the House Freedom Caucus familiar with the negotiations. "What he's presented back to the speaker is essentially the (Vice President Mike) Pence plan of allowing state waivers to opt out of some Title I regulations, but keeping a provision in place to require preexisting conditions be covered. That's the slight tweak, that he hopes can get moderates to a 'yes.'"  Vice President Mike Pence will speak with House lawmakers for the second time in 24 hours as Republicans continue to push ahead with efforts to build consensus and finally make good on their promise to repeal Obamacare. But the problems that plagued the GOP two weeks ago -- divisions among moderates and conservatives -- haven't gone away. After a short conference meeting Tuesday morning, House Speaker Paul Ryan told reporters what he'd already told his fellow Republicans: there is no new agreement or bill, only ongoing and positive conversations. "We're throwing around concepts to improve the bill," Ryan stressed.  Rep. Justin Amash said Monday the solution for dysfunction in Washington likely boils down to removing House Speaker Paul Ryan and replacing him with someone who is "nonpartisan." "We need either a change in direction from this speaker, or we need a new speaker," Amash said while answering a question about the perpetual gridlock in Washington. The Michigan Republican also laced into President Donald Trump, hewing close to a strategy of blasting Republican leaders like Ryan and Trump, during a town hall with about 100 residents from his district, which is loosely centered around Grand Rapids. Amash's town hall comes one week after the White House director of social media, Dan Scavino, called on the "#Trumptrain" to run over Amash in a Republican primary because of his opposition to the effort to overhaul Obamacare.