 The escalating US crackdown on Cuba, Venezuela and Nicaragua is a fresh example of the selective morality and strategic expediency shaping President Donald Trump's foreign policy. Washington is cloaking its policies in its own geopolitical backyard in the language of human rights, democracy and freedom. Yet Trump's transparent admiration for some of the world's most ruthless leaders elsewhere leaves him facing charges of hypocrisy, inconsistency and of severing core US foreign policy principles. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo declared Wednesday that "dictators perceive appeasement as weakness, not strength," as he announced measures meant to hammer Cuba's weak economy.  On Tuesday, President Donald Trump vetoed a bipartisan congressional resolution that would have forced his administration to end military support for Saudi Arabia in the war in Yemen. This resolution was the first time that Congress has invoked the 1973 War Powers Resolution (often referred to as the "War Powers Act"), which limits the President's ability to commit US forces abroad without congressional approval. In addition to the significance of the veto itself, Trump's decision could lead to a Supreme Court ruling on the constitutionality of the War Powers Resolution, which would dramatically expand or limit the President's power to use military force abroad. The War Powers Resolution was passed in 1973 -- in response to what was seen as the unilateral commitment of the executive branch to long-term military engagements in Korea and Vietnam.  The Senate overwhelmingly voted to confirm retired Gen. John Abizaid as the new US Ambassador to Saudi Arabia on Wednesday, filling a post that has been vacant since the beginning of the Trump presidency. The vote was 92-7. Abizaid, the former head of US Central Command, was nominated to the post by President Donald Trump in November 2018. His confirmation will fill one key vacancy in the region -- the US Embassy has been without an ambassador since Joseph Westphal left in early January 2017.