Sen. Barbara Boxer, chairwoman of the Senate Ethics Committee, told the Senate on May 12, 2011 that the committee's evidence was "substantial enough to warrant the consideration of expulsion" had Ensign not resigned in early May. The Reuters news service reported that, based on the new information contained in the Senate Ethics Investigation, the Justice Department would reopen its investigation of Ensign. In 2012 the Justice Department decided against prosecuting Ensign. According to internal documents released to CREW in 2014 under an FOIA suit and reported by the New York Times, there was intense debate within DOJ about whether to prosecute Ensign; it ultimately decided against it. In September 2007, it was discovered that Ensign had used the secret hold rule to prevent a bill requiring senators to file fund-raising reports electronically from being voted on. He required that they first vote on his amendment to strengthen disclosure rules. (The "secret hold" is a parliamentary procedure within the Standing Rules of the Senate that allows one or more Senators to prevent a motion from reaching a vote on the Senate floor.) Ensign insisted that, before a vote on the disclosure bill could be held, the committee would first vote on an amendment that "would force groups petitioning the Senate Ethics Committee to disclose the identity of donors giving more than $5,000", which watchdog groups charged was intended to prevent passage of the bill. Not everyone was satisfied with the Senate Ethics Committee conclusions. Fred Wertheimer, president of Common Cause, which had initially demanded the investigation, thought the treatment of the senators far too lenient, and said, " action by the Senate Ethics Committee is a cop-out and a damning indictment of the committee," and "The U.S. Senate remains on the auction block to the Charles Keatings of the world." Joan Claybrook, president of Public Citizen, called it a "whitewash". Jonathan Alter of Newsweek said it was a classic case of the government trying to investigate itself, labeling the Senate Ethics Committee "shameless" for having "let four of the infamous Keating Five off with a wrist tap."