 Mark Bogen, the vice mayor of Florida's Broward County, said Friday that President Donald Trump's expected visit with the victims of the Parkland school shooting is "absolutely absurd." "Him coming here is absolutely absurd, and he's a hypocrite," Bogen said of the President in an interview Friday with CNN's Fredricka Whitfield. "How can you come here and talk about how horrible it is when you support these laws?" The President on Thursday offered no indication he is willing to revisit the nation's gun laws, instead emphasizing the mental health aspect of mass shootings.  The more frantically the White House tries to extricate itself from the Rob Porter scandal, the deeper it digs into a political hole. Eight days in, it's beginning to look like the storm set off by the surfacing of allegations by two ex-wives of the former presidential aide will never abate, absent a decisive intervention by President Donald Trump in moment of accountability and self-criticism that seems alien to this White House. On a day of shifting explanations and damaging revelations Tuesday, pressure built inexorably on chief of staff John Kelly, who presides over a West Wing flailing amid farcical crisis management and an inability to take a moral stand. Trump has been calling friends to ask them when the scandal ends and what he can do, sources told CNN's Kaitlan Collins, offering a picture of a dysfunctional administration led by a President who barges headlong into trouble and a staff that appears unable to rescue him.  President Donald Trump said Friday he will head to Florida later in the day to meet with those affected by the school shooting that left 17 dead in southern Florida. "I will be leaving for Florida today to meet with some of the bravest people on earth -- but people whose lives have been totally shattered," Trump tweeted Friday morning. "Am also working with Congress on many fronts." It was not immediately clear whether Trump would be heading to Parkland, Florida, the site of the school shooting.