 Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said President Donald Trump should proceed with his summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday even as the political fallout continues over the indictments of 12 Russian military intelligence officers for hacking into Democrats' computer networks and emails during the 2016 presidential campaign. Despite calls by top Democrats in Congress for Trump to cancel the meeting, Pompeo told reporters on his flight back from Mexico Friday night, "I think it's very important that they meet." "I am confident that President Trump's meeting with Vladimir Putin will put America in a better place," Pompeo said. Trump plans to meet one-on-one with Putin at the start of their first formal summit talks in Helsinki, Finland, before allowing other aides to participate.  When Russian President Vladimir Putin meets President Donald Trump in Helsinki, Finland, on Monday, he will be riding a symbolic high: The Helsinki summit comes a day after the World Cup final in Moscow, a prestige event that has inspired a burst of patriotism in Russia. While Russia was eliminated in the quarterfinals in a heartbreaking penalty shootout against Croatia, Russians felt a boost in pride, joy and respect, drawn by the national team's surprisingly strong overall performance, according to state pollster VTsIOM. Some 70% of Russians watched the tournament, VTsIOM found. Monday's summit gives Putin a chance to practice a role he has been perfecting for 18 years: Playing the statesman.  Pussy Riot's Nadya Tolokonnikova on Monday said Russian President Vladimir Putin's authoritarian rule is actually less organized and effective than typically portrayed by the American media, despite his highly publicized summit with US President Donald Trump. Tolokonnikova, who is a member of the Russian punk band and activist group Pussy Riot, was imprisoned by the Russian government for two years along with another member of the group beginning in 2012 for performing an an anti-Putin protest song called "Punk Prayer" in a Moscow cathedral. Wearing a mask for "artistic as well as security reasons," Tolokonnikova told CNN's Anderson Cooper that the Putin government is mostly full of kleptocrats interested in increasing their own wealth. "American media gives too much credit to President Putin and his fellows because you perceive them as an organized unit," she said during the premiere episode of CNN's Anderson Cooper Full Circle on Facebook Watch.