Susan Dominus of The New York Times wrote that "the book’s ultimate purpose is to serve as a cautionary tale, not an exoneration", and in addition she argued that the book was meant for the parents of the deceased victims. According to Carlos Lozada of the Washington Post, the book shows the potential "warning signs" Sue Klebold missed as well as "an apology to the loved ones of the victims". Rachel Shteir of the Boston Globe argued that the book could have given more information on Dylan's characteristics, and she concluded that "In ”A Mother’s Reckoning” there is much more suffering than understanding. Still there is some comfort in viewing this mother’s chronicle, as Solomon urges, as “a narrative of acceptance.’’" Nick is also not afraid to break rules if he needs to, which on occasion has him butting heads with Gibbs. He is very charismatic, has a sense of humor and is very adept in social situations; he once got a suspect to talk by offering her a candy bar. He has a picture of himself on his desk as a reminder of a woman he loved but lost to cancer as a teenager. Torres is superstitious of anything relating to the dead; once forgoing an apartment where the resident had recently died and proclaiming he could never work in a cemetery because of this. In 2017, Hawkeyes fans created what ESPN called "college football's coolest new tradition". In February of that year, the university's children's hospital, which has long had a close relationship with the Iowa football program, opened a new 12-story building across the street from Kinnick Stadium, with the top few floors featuring an unobstructed view of the playing field. The top floor of the hospital features the Press Box Cafe, a lounge area with floor-to-ceiling windows facing the field that is reserved for patients and their families on Hawkeyes game days, with big-screen TVs available when Iowa plays on the road. Following a suggestion posted to a Hawkeyes fan page on Facebook, by Iowan Krista Young, fans now face the hospital and wave to the children and their families at the end of the first quarter of every home game.