 Republican and Democratic leaders from the House and Senate will meet again Wednesday and try to find a way out of a spending crisis that could cripple Washington in the fall, trigger $125 billion in automatic spending cuts and send the stock market tumbling. When House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy, White House officials and appropriators meet Wednesday afternoon, there will be fewer than 50 legislative days before the spending deadline. In Washington, three months may be akin to an eternity for negotiations, but fresh off a partial but history-making January government shutdown, with animosity between House Democrats and the administration in clear view, and President Donald Trump looming as the constant legislative wild card, the meeting signals an attempt to stave off an avoidable showdown and debt ceiling debacle that would leave both Republicans and Democrats politically damaged and the country reeling from their showdown. "I don't know if there is any goodwill, but there is mutual self-interest so I hope they can find it," Sen. Roy Blunt, a Republican from Missouri and member of leadership, told CNN about the odds for an agreement.  Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said Sunday that the United States is "considering a full range of options" regarding rising tensions with Iran, including military options, but emphasized that President Donald Trump has said that he does not want to go to war. "The United States is considering a full range of options. We have briefed the President a couple of times, we'll continue to keep him updated. We are confident that we can take a set of actions that can restore deterrence which is our mission set," Pompeo said in an interview on CBS "Face the Nation." In May 2017, in response to an amendment by Fred Upton to the American Health Care Act, Schumer released a statement saying the amendment "leaves Americans with pre-existing conditions as vulnerable as they were before under this bill" and compared it to "administering cough medicine to someone with stage 4 cancer." After the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) showed the American Health Care Act would cause millions of Americans to lose health coverage, Schumer said, "Republicans in Washington and the president should read this report cover to cover, throw their bill in the trash can and begin working with Democrats on a real plan to lower costs for the American people." In June, Schumer sent a letter to Majority Leader McConnell requesting a meeting between all senators for a discussion on the American Health Care Act, citing the need for both parties to "come together to find solutions to America's challenges." Later that month, Schumer estimated the bill had a "50/50" chance of passing in the Senate and added that Democrats were doing everything they could to fight the measure, referring to the legislation as "devastating for the middle class."