 Donald Trump aides and people close to his campaign are increasingly frustrated by his insistence on waging various fights that steer him off message. Sources close to the campaign are describing a series of missteps that are trailing the GOP presidential nominee, most prominently his now multi-day battle against Khizr Khan, the Muslim father of a killed US soldier. Donald Trump's strange campaign gets stranger Trump has spent the days since the Democratic convention litigating whether their son is a hero, and on Tuesday only moved onto an equally unhelpful news cycle: whether he supports House Speaker Paul Ryan, and the 2008 presidential nominee, John McCain, in their primaries. A knowledgeable Republican source told CNN that some of Trump's campaign staff  -- even campaign manager Paul Manafort -- "feel like they are wasting their time," given Trump's recent comments.  House Speaker Paul Ryan stood by his endorsement of Donald Trump Thursday, but didn't rule out withdrawing it at some point in the future should he deem that necessary. "None of these things are ever blank checks, that goes with any situation in any kind of race," Ryan said in a radio interview with WTAQ's Jerry Bader in his Wisconsin district. Ryan added his reason for backing Trump is that "he won the delegates, he won the thing fair and square it's just that simple." The speaker also shrugged off Trump saying earlier this week he wasn't "there yet" on endorsing Ryan in his upcoming primary next Tuesday.  Donald Trump on Monday offered very public praise for a political candidate vying to unseat one of the top Republicans in Washington -- House Speaker Paul Ryan. Trump, who is facing an onslaught of criticism from Ryan and other top Republicans for his comments about the Muslim family of a deceased US soldier, thanked Ryan's Republican primary challenger, Paul Nehlen, on Twitter Monday for his "kind words." "Thanks to @pnehlen for your kinds words, very much appreciated," the Republican presidential nominee tweeted, in what amounts to an extraordinary show of discord between two of the most prominent faces of the Republican Party. Nehlen, a businessman who like Trump has never held public office, has praised Trump and had recently tweeted articles and comments supporting the GOP nominee.