 Rand Paul's campaign is struggling to emerge from the low single digits in national and early state polls, but it is pushing back on the idea the Kentucky senator is close to dropping out of the presidential race. In a new effort to make the case the libertarian firebrand has staying power for the long haul, the campaign is sending out a memo to donors and supporters Thursday to push back against what it calls the media's "false narrative" about a campaign "on the ropes." The memo, from chief strategist Doug Stafford and campaign manager Chip Englander, touts three wins by Paul in straw poll contests in recent months, including one in New Hampshire over the weekend. "The media is fixated on insisting that (Paul) should get out of the race even though he continues to win every time votes are counted and the polls show him on the rise," Stafford and Englander write. Huckabee's son, David Huckabee, has also posed a small controversy with his arrest for carrying a weapon in a prohibited place after a Glock pistol was found in his briefcase while going through a security checkpoint at the Little Rock National Airport. David Huckabee, who pleaded guilty to the misdemeanor charge, said that he forgot to take the gun out of his bag before going to the airport. After the events took place, Mike Huckabee, a strong right to bear arms candidate said "I love my son but what he did was irresponsible, but not intentional. The right to carry a firearm has to be balanced with an equal responsibility to not make foolish errors like forgetting about it being in one's briefcase. Huckabee starred in what pundits called the highlight of the New Hampshire Republican Debate on September 5, sparring with Congressman Ron Paul in a heated exchange over the war in Iraq and the United States' obligation to the Iraqi people. After Paul stated that U.S. foreign policy is dragging the Republican Party down, Huckabee responded, "Even if we lose elections, we should not lose our honor, and that is more important than the Republican Party." As the third quarter closed, Huckabee was reported to have missed a major GOP conference in Michigan because his campaign could not afford a charter flight. Huckabee rebounded his finances before the end of the third quarter, however, reporting $651,301 on hand.