CUIMC was built in the 1920s on the site of Hilltop Park, the one-time home stadium of the New York Yankees. The land was donated by Edward Harkness, who also donated much of the cost of the original buildings. Built specifically to house a medical school and Presbyterian Hospital, it was the first academic medical center in the world. Formerly known as the Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center (CPMC), the name change followed the 1997 formation of New York-Presbyterian Hospital, a merger of two medical centers each affiliated with an Ivy League university: Columbia-Presbyterian with Columbia University, and the New York Hospital-Cornell Medical Center, with Cornell University's Weill Cornell Medical College. Columbia University Vagelos College of Physicians and Surgeons, colloquially known now as VP&S and formerly Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons, is the graduate professional medical school of Columbia University. Located at the Columbia University Irving Medical Center in the Washington Heights neighborhood of Manhattan with its affiliate New York-Presbyterian Hospital. Founded in 1767 by Samuel Bard as the medical department of King's College (now Columbia University), the College of Physicians and Surgeons was the first medical school in the thirteen colonies and hence, the United States, to award the Doctor of Medicine (M.D.) degree. Despite this merger, the College of Physicians and Surgeons retained its independence from Columbia and it was only in 1860 that the College of Physicians and Surgeons, at that time occupying buildings across West Fifty-ninth Street from the Roosevelt Hospital (its major teaching hospital at the time), after severing its ties to the New York Board of Regents and through agreement between the trustees of the College of Physicians and Surgeons and Columbia, became the official medical school of Columbia University. This new relationship between the college and Columbia was minimal at best, however, with the college retaining independence from Columbia. It was not until 1891 that the College of Physicians and Surgeons would be fully integrated and incorporated into Columbia. In 1886, the Sloane Maternity Hospital, later the Sloane Hospital for Women, was founded as part of Physicians and Surgeons.