 The statement: "Last year, wind energy added nearly half of all new power capacity in America. So let's generate even more." In his State of the Union address Tuesday night, President Barack Obama talked up alternative energy. Not only did Obama tout the solar and natural gas industries' recent gains, he also talked up the amount of wind energy that's now fueling the country.  Here is a roundup of the main themes President Barack Obama touched on during Tuesday's State of the Union address: Immigration Where he stands: Obama praised his administration's efforts at increasing border security by "putting more boots on the southern border than at any time in our history," but recognized that there is still work to be done. He specifically addressed creating a path for illegal immigrants to obtain citizenship and fixing the legal immigration system by cutting waiting periods and reducing bureaucracy. What he said: "Send me a comprehensive immigration reform bill in the next few months, and I will sign it right away." CNN Fact Check: Illegal border crossings at lowest levels in 40 years Gun Control Where he stands: "They deserve a vote."  President Barack Obama blamed the fiscal cliff standoff in Congress for the contraction in the U.S. economy at the end of 2012 and weighed in on the safety of football in a pre-Super Bowl interview Sunday. During the roughly eight-minute live session with CBS host Scott Pelley, Obama said new concerns about long-term brain damage in football players "means the game is probably going to evolve a little bit." "For those of us who like to see a big hit and enjoy the rock 'em, sock 'em elements of the game, we're probably going to be occasionally frustrated," the president said. But he added, "We want to make sure that after people have played the game, that they're going to be OK." Obama spoke less than two hours before the San Francisco 49ers and the Baltimore Ravens played for the NFL title in New Orleans in the most-watched event in U.S. sports.