 This could be the last story you read about Lindsay Lohan for the next three months if all goes well during her 90-day stay at the Betty Ford Clinic. Just days before checking into court-ordered rehab last week, the actress spoke extensively to Piers Morgan in an article for London's Daily Mail newspaper, which published it in this Sunday's edition. Lohan, who turns 27 in two months, told Morgan, host of CNN's "Piers Morgan Live" she's never been "a huge drinker" and despite rumors, failed drug tests and a drug possession arrest, she's only used cocaine "maybe four or five times in my life." She's spent more than 250 days in rehab and another trip "is pointless," she said in the Daily Mail story.  The facility Lindsay Lohan entered Thursday to comply with court-ordered rehab is not licensed to provide alcohol or drug rehab treatment, a state official said. Lohan, 26, flew from New York to California last night to check into Morningside Recovery in Newport Beach, California, by the Thursday morning deadline for her to start her 90-day sentence. When Los Angeles Superior Judge James Dabney sentenced Lohan to 90 days in jail in March he gave her the option of serving the time in a "lock down rehab" facility. "If a 24-hour residential facility is providing treatment or services to promote the recovery of alcohol and drug abuse then they must possess a license," deputy director for the California Department of Alcohol and Drug Programs Millicent Tidwell said.  Lindsay Lohan checked into a California rehab center early Friday, ending -- at least for now -- a drama that has had more twists and turns than a high-speed car chase. Shawn Holley, the lawyer who guided Lohan through years of legal turmoil until the actress abruptly fired her in January, helped her avoid jail once again by brokering a deal, her father told CNN Friday. "I am so thankful to Shawn Holley and Evan Haney, her manager, for doing this," Michael Lohan said. While he wouldn't name the California facility his daughter entered, he noted it is a rehab program she's been in before.