 Donald Trump escalated his attacks Friday on Hillary Clinton's character, just as top former government officials are questioning his own. The Republican nominee, speaking in Des Moines, Iowa, accused Clinton of being "unbalanced" and "unstable," called her a "dangerous" and "pathological" liar and warned voters in this swing state that a Clinton presidency would lead to "the destruction of this country from within." After knocking himself off message repeatedly in recent weeks, stoking one controversy after the next, Trump, reading at times from prepared remarks on his podium, latched onto voters' concerns about Clinton's trustworthiness and honesty, and sought to amplify the controversies that have beset the Democrat's campaign. "Unstable Hillary Clinton, lacks the judgment, temperament and moral character to lead this country -- and I believe that so strongly," Trump told supporters as he accused Clinton of supporting policies that he said could damage US national security.  Republicans are freaking out about Donald Trump, but the candidate himself is insisting his campaign has never been in better shape. Trump took the stage in Daytona Beach, Florida, on Wednesday with his presidential bid apparently floundering. Republican leaders and even senior members of his own team expressed frustration with his political meltdown on Tuesday. The GOP nominee tried to stem the growing panic -- addressing the state of his campaign right at the top of his speech.  Donald Trump announced Tuesday evening that his wife will hold a news conference "over the next couple of weeks" to address reports that she violated immigration laws when she first came to the U.S. Trump said his wife would prove that "she came in totally legally." The New York Post last week published nude photos of Melania Trump in 1995, quickly raising questions about whether the former model had obtained the appropriate visa to work as a model in the United States. The Republican nominee floated the upcoming news conference just hours after he stoked yet another controversy by suggesting that gun owners could take action to stop rival Hillary Clinton from appointing judges who would infringe Second Amendment rights, should she be elected president. READ: Melania Trump's nude photos expose gap in her immigration story "They said my wife, Melania, might have come in illegally.