Friends would later note that Denny had a history of purposefully throwing herself off bar stools and down flights of stairs in order to get a reaction. Several remembered this behaviour as "Sandy's party trick", while Dave Pegg's wife Chris stated, "She certainly did it in my house and it could be a very dramatic gesture, like self-harming. She could do it without hurting herself usually but I had a feeling there would be one time too many." Those who knew Denny said that her increasing level of alcohol abuse in the last years of her life led to an increasing number of falls (both accidental and on purpose), resulting in a growing number of injuries. By this time she had abandoned her studies at art college and was devoting herself full-time to music. While she was performing at The Troubadour folk club, a member of the Strawbs heard her, and in 1967, she was invited to join the band. She recorded one album with them in Denmark which was released belatedly in 1973 credited to Sandy Denny and the Strawbs: All Our Own Work. The album includes an early solo version of her best-known (and widely recorded) composition, "Who Knows Where the Time Goes?" Denny, California, refers to two little mining settlements named Denny that were and are located in northwestern Trinity County, one in the upper New River watershed within the Trinity Alps Wilderness Area and the other twenty miles downstream along a one-way county roadway.The first Denny, now called Old Denny on maps, originated with two other little towns close to it—White Rock City and Marysville—in September 1884 when the area was populated with hard rock (lode) gold miners. Its name for the first few years was New River City and then was changed to Denny from A.H. Denny who maintained a store there as well as other stores over the ridges in Siskiyou County. (Denny never lived at the place that adopted his name, however.) As time went on the gold profits went down, people were leaving to find other places to live, and by 1920 brothers Grover and Willard Ladd began homesteading a 160-acre ranch where the new Denny would be located, twenty miles down the trail.