 As the US Supreme Court rejected a series of death penalty appeals from Florida on Tuesday, key justices laid bare the enduring divisions over the fairness and effectiveness of the ultimate punishment. "The flaws in the current practice of capital punishment," Justice Stephen Breyer, wrote, "could often cast serious doubt on the death sentences imposed in these (Florida) and other capital cases." "Rather than attempting to address the flaws in piecemeal fashion ... it would be wiser to reconsider the root cause of the problem -- the constitutionality of the death penalty itself," Breyer, a Bill Clinton appointee, added. Breyer, as he has done before, complained about inmates lingering on death row for decades.  UK Prime Minister Theresa May on Sunday lauded Europe's response to Russia's "reckless" use of chemical weapons. "The past year has tragically proven those threats to be ever more real -- not least through the reckless use of a chemical weapon on our own streets by two agents of the Russian Intelligence Services. But it has also proven our commitment to respond -- exactly as I said we would," May said at the Lord Mayor's Banquet, according to a preview of her speech released earlier in the day. "Together with our allies, in response to the attack in Salisbury, we coordinated the largest ever collective expulsion of Russian intelligence officers, fundamentally degrading Russian intelligence capability for years to come.  The 100th anniversary of the World War I armistice last weekend underscored the great folly of President Donald Trump's threat to pull out of the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty with Russia. President Vladimir Putin's response that "there would be nothing left except an arms race" shows our world leaders have failed to learn from history. The Great War, also known as "the war to end all wars," engulfed an unwitting world because the leaders of the great powers did not understand the enormity of suffering they were about to unleash when they stumbled needlessly into conflict. Today, Trump, Putin and other leaders pursue their nuclear policies with a similar disregard for the potentially catastrophic effects.