 A video that shows white high school students in Make America Great Again hats and shirts mocking a Native American elder shocked the country, leading to widespread denunciations of the teens' behavior. It was a moment in a bigger story that is still unfolding. A new video that surfaced Sunday shows what happened before and after the encounter Friday in front of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington. In the new video, another group taunts the students from Covington Catholic High School in Kentucky with disparaging and vulgar language.  President Donald Trump is publicly siding with the mostly white students of a Kentucky high school who were engaged in a confrontation with a Native American elder that renewed a sensitive national debate about race relations in America. A video spread over the weekend showed Nick Sandmann, along with his classmates at Covington Catholic High School in Kentucky, who were in Washington, DC, for the annual March for Life rally, staring down Nathan Phillips, an Omaha tribe leader, as he played his drum and chanted. The video attracted outrage on social media, where many accused the students of mocking Phillips, who later told CNN he felt threatened. Twitter has since suspended an account that helped spread the encounter after CNN asked questions about the account's authenticity.  The White House has reached out to Covington Catholic High School students after video of an encounter between students from the school and Omaha Nation elder Nathan Phillips stirred a national debate. "We've reached out and voiced our support" for the students, White House press secretary Sarah Sanders told reporters Tuesday evening. She continued, "Certainly no one understands better than this President when the media jumps to conclusions and attacks you for something you may or may not have done." The Covington Catholic High School students were criticized when a brief video surfaced on Friday showing them wearing Make America Great Again hats and mocking Phillips during the school's annual trip to a March for Life rally in Washington.