 A senior Republican senator warned the White House on Tuesday that it needs to do a better job consulting with the Senate before announcing controversial nominees like Herman Cain for the Federal Reserve Board, because it's not "a given that everybody whose name gets sort of floated without vetting and without consultation can be confirmed." Sen. John Cornyn of Texas, a member of the GOP leadership team, predicted that Cain, a former businessman and Republican presidential candidate who faced sexual harassment allegations, will ultimately be cleared by the Republican-controlled Senate but said the "bigger issue" is that the White House can avoid problems by reaching out in advance. "Rather than have the embarrassment for the nominees or for the President or for senators, the thing that I just encourage is there should be consultation," Cornyn said. President Donald Trump has said he wants Cain and Stephen Moore, a conservative economic and political commentator, who share Trump's views on monetary policy, to fill seats on the Fed, which the President has routinely criticized. U.S. Representative Louie Gohmert said in a statement on May 5, 2015 that his "office has been inundated with calls referring to the Jade Helm 15 military exercise" with concerns that the U.S. Army is preparing for "modern-day martial law". He alluded to a notorious remark made by Barack Obama, who claimed that Pennsylvanians were "bitter" and "cling to guns or religion": "I was rather appalled that the hostile areas amazingly have a Republican majority, 'cling to their guns and religion,' and believe in the sanctity of the United States Constitution". He asserted that "the map of the exercise needs to change, the names on the map need to change, and the tone of the exercise needs to be completely revamped so the federal government is not intentionally practicing war against its own states."  Four Republican senators say they'll oppose Herman Cain's Federal Reserve board candidacy, essentially sinking the former Republican presidential candidate's chances before he's even been formally nominated. The GOP's slim majority of 53 votes means Cain's nomination is now dead on arrival, with no Democrats expected to back President Donald Trump's unconventional choice. "If I had to vote today, I'd vote not to confirm," North Dakota Republican Sen. Kevin Cramer, a member of the Senate Banking Committee, told CNN on Thursday. Earlier in the week, Cramer told reporters he was uncertain about Cain, pointing to the sexual harassment allegations that essentially ended the former business executive's 2012 presidential campaign.