 Progressive lawmakers and activists are furious over the Senate's Monday vote to advance legislation to end the government shutdown. The 81-18 vote to advance a measure to extend government funding by three weeks came after Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Kentucky, pledged to take up immigration issues -- including the fate of so-called Dreamers thrown into limbo when President Donald Trump ended the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program -- by February 8. How senators voted to end the government shutdown Sen. Kamala Harris of California -- the first Senate Democrat to embrace the strategy of rejecting any bill that didn't include protections for DACA recipients -- said it was "foolhardy" to believe McConnell made "any commitment whatsoever." "Listen, I'm disappointed with a conversation that suggests a false choice: You either fund the government or you take care of these DACA kids," Harris said.  As battles over immigration and government spending advance with no solution in sight, Senate Democrats are being forced to decide whether they'd support a short-term measure to avert a government shutdown -- even if it doesn't include protections for the hundreds of thousands of undocumented immigrants brought into the United States as children. A contingency of 2020 prospects -- including California Sen. Kamala Harris, New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker and New York Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand -- want to play hardball, refusing to vote for anything that doesn't secure the fate of those who gained legal status under former President Barack Obama's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. Their position matches a Democratic base that overwhelmingly supports protections for DACA participants and is eager to see lawmakers use every available tactic to pressure Trump. "Why are we kicking the can down the road?" In November 2017, as Democratic senators lobbied for the Senate to pass a bill by the end of year ensuring the continuation of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, Booker commented, "These are hardworking young people who were brought to this country as kids by their parents — they don’t know any other home but the United States. I want solutions to protect these kids, and won’t vote for a spending bill that doesn’t include one."