The Western Cartridge Company manufactures small arms and ammunitions. Founded in 1898, it was the forerunner of the Olin Corporation, formed in 1944, of which Western is still a subsidiary, and is based in East Alton, Illinois, USA. Western Cartridge Company acquired the Winchester Repeating Arms Company after Winchester went into receivership in 1931.Franklin W. Olin received an engineering degree from Cornell University in 1886. After working at powder mills in the eastern United States, he was one of several investors establishing the Equitable Powder Company in 1892 at East Alton, Illinois. Western is a genre of fiction which tells stories set primarily in the latter half of the 19th century in the American Old West, often centering on the life of a nomadic cowboy or gunfighter armed with a revolver and a rifle who rides a horse. Cowboys and gunslingers typically wear Stetson hats, neckerchief bandannas, vests, spurs, cowboy boots, and buckskins (alternatively dusters). Recurring characters include the aforementioned cowboys, Native Americans, Spaniards, Mexicans, bandits, lawmen, bounty hunters, outlaws, gamblers, soldiers (especially mounted cavalry, such as buffalo soldiers), and settlers (farmers, ranchers, and townsfolk). The ambience is usually punctuated with a Western music score, including American and Spanish/Mexican folk music such as country, Native American music, New Mexico music, and rancheras. A Denver sandwich, also known as a Western sandwich, consists of a Denver omelet (consisting of at least ham, onion, green pepper, and scrambled eggs), sandwiched between two pieces of bread. The sandwich has been claimed to have been invented by many different people, including Denver restaurateur Albert A. McVittie in 1907 as well as M. D. Looney, of Denver, in the same year. It has also been claimed that the “Denver sandwich” was invented at Denver's Tabor Hotel but mentions of it in newspapers predate all these claimants.As early as 1908 it was known as the “Western Sandwich”, cited in a San Antonio newspaper. A “Manhattan Sandwich” (cited from 1909) was similar in that it contained fried egg, minced ham, and onion.