Two additional critical incidents occur during season six, the heroin overdose death of PAA Dolores Mayo (played by Lola Glaudini), and the death of Costas, who is accidentally gunned down by Mayo's distraught father at the trial of the suspect accused in Mayo's death. Costas's final words to Sipowicz, "Take care of the baby", led to his initial withdrawal from the squad. Yet, his keen perceptiveness allows him to gain a confession from the suspect in Mayo's death, who had tried to buy his way out of trouble. Furthermore, Sipowicz reaches a level of understanding with PAA John Irvin (portrayed by Bill Brochtrup), whose homosexuality had been a stumbling block for Sipowicz in their interactions to that point. On his route to becoming a better man, Sipowicz struggles to overcome his bigotry with the help of his black detective squad commander, Lieutenant Arthur Fancy, and Simone. He also eventually comes to terms with his homophobia, mainly due to his initially grudging friendship with precinct Police Administrative Assistant John Irvin. With the birth of his second son, Sipowicz's life seems to be going well. However, a series of devastating personal tragedies over the next few years arise: in May 1996, Andy Jr., who is about to start work as a policeman in Hackensack, New Jersey, is shot and killed while trying to stop a robbery. His father, Clark Sr., was a by-the-book but not very competent detective who disapproved of his son's choice of precinct. He referred to the 15th Precinct as a "hellhole" and held a strong dislike for Sipowicz, whom he knew from previous experiences (their main clash came years earlier when Clark Sr. ruined a case where Andy got a confession by not emphasizing the suspect's Miranda rights in textbook fashion, and the suspect later went out and killed an elderly woman). The conflict between father and son came to a pinnacle when Clark Sr. threw John out of the house due to his decision to work at the 15th, rather than choosing his father's precinct. Clark Sr. further disrupted his son's career when he showed up drunk at the 15th Precinct, having been forced into retirement because he had been involved with a prostitute who was murdered (by her pimp) and then being turned into an IAB informant, and demonstrating his alcoholism for all of the squad to see.