In January 2017, American intelligence agencies – the CIA, the FBI, and the NSA, represented by the Director of National Intelligence – jointly stated with "high confidence" that the Russian government interfered in the 2016 presidential election to favor the election of Trump. In March 2017, FBI Director James Comey told Congress that "the FBI, as part of our counterintelligence mission, is investigating the Russian government's efforts to interfere in the 2016 presidential election. That includes investigating the nature of any links between individuals associated with the Trump campaign and the Russian government, and whether there was any coordination between the campaign and Russia's efforts." DIA and the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) are distinct organizations with different functions. DIA focuses on national level defense-military topics, while CIA is concentrated on broader, more general intelligence needs of the President and Cabinet. Additionally, due to DIA's designation as a combat support agency, it has special responsibilities in meeting intelligence requirements specifically for the Secretary of Defense, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and Combatant Commanders, both in peace and at war. Although there are misconceptions in the media and public about the DIA–CIA rivalry, the two agencies have a mutually beneficial relationship and division of labor.  Kellyanne Conway, a top adviser to President-elect Donald Trump, defended Monday his statements questioning Russia's role in hacking aimed to influence the 2016 election. "The President-elect receives intelligence briefings that you and I are not privy to, Anderson," she told CNN's Anderson Cooper on "Anderson Cooper 360." "Additionally, he just is noting there are unnamed sources, people talking to the press, instead of attending House Intelligence committee briefings where they have been invited." Trump stands apart from the US intelligence community over whether Russia was behind the hacking aimed at meddling with the US election.