L. Charles Taylor is an American actor best known for the role of David Dalton in the Code of Vengeance television series.Taylor was born in the United States but he was an "air force brat" who spent his early childhood in Italy and moved frequently around the US. A wrestler and football player as a high school student in Detroit, he later attended Oakland University in Michigan where he discovered acting.Taylor studied at the Hedgerow Theatre in Philadelphia for five years before moving to New York City. In New York, he worked as a bouncer at Studio 54, Regine's, and other nightclubs. After a dangerous encounter with an unruly clubgoer, Taylor moved to California to break into television and motion pictures.Aside from his starring role in Code of Vengeance, Taylor's other television roles include the movie A Quiet Little Neighborhood, a Perfect Little Murder and appearances in episodes of Knight Rider, Murder, She Wrote, Days of Our Lives, and Starting from Scratch. Charles McArthur Ghankay Taylor (born 28 January 1948) is a Liberian former politician and convicted war criminal who served as the 22nd President of Liberia from 2 August 1997 until his resignation on 11 August 2003.Born in Arthington, Montserrado County, Liberia, Taylor earned a degree at Bentley College in the United States before returning to Liberia to work in the government of Samuel Doe. After being removed for embezzlement, he eventually arrived in Libya, where he was trained as a guerrilla fighter. He returned to Liberia in 1989 as the head of a Libyan-backed rebel group, the National Patriotic Front of Liberia, to overthrow the Doe government, initiating the First Liberian Civil War (1989–96). Following Doe's execution, Taylor gained control of a large portion of the country and became one of the most prominent warlords in Africa. Charles Margrave Taylor  (born 1931) is a Canadian philosopher from Montreal, Quebec, and professor emeritus at McGill University best known for his contributions to political philosophy, the philosophy of social science, the history of philosophy, and intellectual history. His work has earned him the Kyoto Prize, the Templeton Prize, the Berggruen Prize for Philosophy, and the John W. Kluge Prize. In 2007, Taylor served with Gérard Bouchard on the Bouchard–Taylor Commission on reasonable accommodation with regard to cultural differences in the province of Quebec. He has also made contributions to moral philosophy, epistemology, hermeneutics, aesthetics, the philosophy of mind, the philosophy of language, and the philosophy of action.