 Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton announced Tuesday that she supports impeaching President Donald Trump in light of her former presidential campaign rival's recent actions involving Ukraine as Democrats formalize impeachment proceedings against the President, calling him "a reckless, corrupt human tornado." "I'm in favor of moving toward impeachment," the 2016 Democratic presidential nominee told People Magazine in an interview published on Tuesday. "I did not come to that decision easily or quickly, but this is an emergency as I see it." Clinton's call came on the heels of House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's announcement on Tuesday of a formal impeachment inquiry into Trump, as House Democrats increasingly support proceedings to investigate the potential for impeachment.  The Ukraine scandal raging around Donald Trump is forcing Democrats to confront a fateful choice on impeachment that will not just shape the 2020 election but will echo down the ages. The facts of whether the President pressured Ukraine to investigate his potential Democratic general election opponent Joe Biden while a US military aid package was on the table are still obscured. Trump supporters say there is so far no evidence that he offered a quid pro quo to the Ukrainians and note that an intelligence community whistleblower who raised the alarm was operating with a second-hand knowledge of Trump's conversations. But if Trump used his power to try to coerce a foreign leader into influencing US elections, it could precipitate the worst political crisis of a presidency that has been mired in notoriety from its first hours.  Former Vice President Joe Biden said Tuesday if President Donald Trump does not cooperate with Congress, he would leave lawmakers with "no choice" but to start impeachment proceedings. "It is time for this administration stop stonewalling and provide the Congress with all the facts it needs, including a copy of the formal complaint made by the whistleblower. And it's time for the Congress to fully investigate the conduct of this President," Biden said. The Democratic presidential candidate said if Trump "does not comply with such a request from the Congress, if he continues to obstruct Congress, and flout the law, Donald Trump will leave Congress, in my view, no choice but to initiate impeachment."