 The Republican Party's already volatile 2016 presidential campaign was roiled anew Tuesday when all three Republican candidates backed away from a pledge to support the GOP nominee. With rising anger between rival campaigns ripping at an already fragile Republican Party, Donald Trump, Ted Cruz and John Kasich all declined to say they would unquestionably support the candidate who emerges as the GOP standard-bearer in November's election. It was the latest sign of chaos and division in the GOP as the race turns to Wisconsin's crucial April 5 primary and the increasingly desperate anti-Trump forces try to halt his march to the nomination. The pledge was introduced last year amid fears that Trump could bolt the Republican Party if he failed to win the nomination and mount an independent bid if he believed that he wasn't treated well by party leaders.  Ted Cruz for a third time would not say that he would support Donald Trump as the GOP presidential nominee, the latest sign that his pledge to do so may be softening. Cruz late last week began signaling that his unconditional support for the Republican front-runner was not as ironclad as previously. But asked by CNN's Sunlen Serfaty on Monday if he would definitively say that he would not support Trump, the Texas senator left his answer ambiguous. "I'm not in the habit of supporting people who attack my wife and attack my family," Cruz said.  Donald Trump's campaign manager appeared to contradict the presidential candidate in a radio interview on Tuesday when he said that Ted Cruz has no connection to the super PAC that put out images of Trump's wife. Speaking on the John Fredericks Show, a Virginia talk radio program, Corey Lewandowski started by denying that the Trump campaign had anything to do with an unsubstantiated tabloid story alleging Cruz had multiple affairs. That story quoted former Trump campaign official Roger Stone. "I can tell you unequivocally that this campaign, nor anyone associated with this campaign, had anything to do with this story," Lewandowski said.