Beginning during his campaign and continuing into his presidency, Trump called for a sweeping investigation into alleged wrongdoing by Hillary Clinton. In November 2017, his attorney general Jeff Sessions appointed a federal attorney to review a wide array of issues, including the Clinton Foundation, the Uranium One controversy and the FBI's handling of its investigation into Clinton's emails. In January 2020 the investigation was reported to be winding down after no evidence was found to warrant the opening of a criminal investigation. Special Counsel Robert Mueller's April 2019 report documented that Trump pressured Sessions and the Justice Department to re-open the investigation into the Hillary Clinton email controversy.  New York is one signature away from allowing prosecutors to pursue state charges against presidential associates who have received federal pardons. The Democratic-controlled state assembly on Tuesday passed a bill 90-52 allowing the state to prosecute people pardoned of federal crimes, provided that they worked for or were related to the president at the time of the pardon. If signed, it could short-circuit President Donald Trump's ability to shield his associates from prosecution, including former campaign chairman Paul Manafort, who was recently sentenced to more than seven years in prison on financial crimes stemming from special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into the 2016 campaign. The bill, which passed the state Senate earlier this month, now heads to the desk of Gov. During the first two years of his presidency, Trump repeatedly sought to influence the Justice Department to investigate those he saw as his political adversaries—including Hillary Clinton, the Democratic National Committee, James Comey and the FBI—regarding a variety of persistent allegations, at least some of which had already been investigated or debunked. In spring 2018, Trump told White House counsel Don McGahn he wanted to order the DOJ to prosecute Clinton and Comey, but McGahn advised Trump such action would constitute abuse of power and invite possible impeachment. In May 2018 Trump demanded that the DOJ investigate "whether or not the FBI/DOJ infiltrated or surveilled the Trump Campaign for Political Purposes", which the DOJ referred to its inspector general. Although it is not unlawful for a president to exert influence on the DOJ to open an investigation, presidents have assiduously avoided doing so to prevent perceptions of political interference.