 Meghan Markle's father, Thomas Markle, told American publication TMZ on Monday that he will not attend his daughter's wedding to Prince Harry. According to the TMZ report, Markle decided not to walk his daughter down the aisle on Saturday, after it was revealed he worked with a picture agency to stage some pictures of him preparing himself for the wedding. Thomas Markle said he now thought the pictures were "stupid and hammy," according to the TMZ report. He said he made the decision to skip the wedding so he wouldn't embarrass the royal family or his daughter. Thomas Markle Jr. was not invited to the wedding of Prince Harry and his half-sister, and at the time of the wedding, he had not seen her for about seven years. In an interview with the Daily Mirror in April 2018, Markle called his half-sister a "phony" who had "turned into a different person" and "forgotten her roots and her family" since becoming famous. He then sent Prince Harry a letter, asking him to call off the wedding – saying the upcoming wedding would be "the biggest mistake in Royal Wedding History", criticizing his half-sister's treatment of Thomas Markle Sr. by saying she had been "using her own father until he's bankrupt", and calling her "a jaded, shallow, conceited woman". However, he later wrote another letter in which Markle told his half-sister he was "sorry for venting my frustrations" after not being invited to the wedding and that he was "very proud" of her and wanted her "to have a great wedding and a long future with Prince Harry".  After she is married, Meghan Markle will have no shortage of royal courtiers offering her help and advice. But this week, the bride-to-be has been deluged with something rather less welcome: a stream of criticism from commentators on social media and in the press about her wedding plans. These armchair courtiers have weighed in over her father, Thomas Markle, and the uncertainty over whether he was going to give her away; about her lack of a maid of honor to help marshal her 10 young bridesmaids and page boys; and, in the latest bout of pre-wedding interference, her decision that Prince Charles will accompany her down the aisle, rather than her mother, Doria Ragland. Kensington Palace announced Friday that the heir to the throne will step in to accompany Markle in St. George's Chapel in Windsor after it was confirmed earlier this week that her father is too ill to attend.