Just a day after revealing her in-ring retirement, on 10 April 2018 episode of SmackDown Live, Paige was announced by Shane McMahon (acting as the commissioner of the show) as the new general manager of SmackDown, turning her face once again and disbanding Absolution in the process. WWE Chairman Vince McMahon reportedly gave Paige this role to keep her on television to promote the film Fighting with My Family, which is based on her life. Paige retained the position throughout the rest of the year until the McMahon family announced that starting that night they are taking charge and the general manager position was quietly removed on the 17 December episode of Raw,. The following night on SmackDown, Shane McMahon confirmed that Paige is to remain around the show but not in the same position. Paige was an only child born and raised in Northiam, Sussex where he developed a lifelong interest in ornithology. Paige was raised in “a  thatched  cottage, reputedly of sixteenth-century vintage, in Northiam, a village on the border between Kent and East Sussex.” Paige’s father, in keeping with family tradition, worked  for the railroad, serving the stationmaster at the town’s railway station. The family did not have running water until Paige was five years old, and did not have electricity until some time later. His parents “were encouraging and supportive but…had little contact with the world of learning or with intellectual pursuits.” An only child, Paige “developed a passion for bird watching, which he sustained throughout his life. Owen held Siegfried Sassoon in an esteem not far from hero-worship, remarking to his mother that he was "not worthy to light  pipe". The relationship clearly had a profound impact on Owen, who wrote in his first letter to Sassoon after leaving Craiglockhart "You have fixed my life – however short". Sassoon wrote that he took "an instinctive liking to him", and recalled their time together "with affection". On the evening of 3 November 1917 they parted, Owen having been discharged from Craiglockhart.