 Federal prosecutors were preparing charges Sunday against the surviving suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings even as authorities said they believed he and his brother were allegedly preparing to carry out more attacks when their plans were disrupted. Authorities have not said publicly what charges will be filed against Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, but a Justice Department official, who has been briefed on the case, told CNN he will face federal terrorism charges and possibly state murder charges. Tsarnaev, 19, remains in serious but stable condition with a gunshot wound to the side of the neck, a federal law enforcement source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN on Sunday. It is unclear whether Tsarnaev was wounded during his capture or an earlier shootout with police that left his older brother -- the other man wanted in the bombings -- dead, said the source, who spoke on condition of anonymity.  The FBI has flatly rejected an assertion by the mother of the two suspected Boston bombers that the bureau had been tracking her oldest son and had spoken with him last week after the deadly marathon bombing. The chief spokesman for the FBI, Mike Kortan, said he continues to stand by an FBI  statement issued Friday that said that the only communication the FBI ever had with Tamerlan Tsarnaev was an interview agents conducted with him in 2011 at the urging of a foreign government, since identified as Russia. Did one brother brainwash the other? Zubeidat Tsarnaev, the mother of the suspected bombers, told reporters the FBI had tracked her oldest son for as long as five years.  As the world hunted him, the younger brother suspected in the Boston Marathon bombings acted like any other college sophomore. Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 19, was on the campus of University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth every day after the attack until late Thursday, a university official told CNN. Tsarnaev attended classes and dorm parties and went to the gym while the rest of Boston came to a tense standstill. A student at the school told The Boston Globe that she saw Tsarnaev at a party Wednesday night that was attended by some of his friends from intramural soccer.