Ethel McCaul was adamant that her brave servicemen and their families should have somewhere to stay at no more of a cost than one day’s pay. Waterloo seemed the obvious place as this was the principal railhead leading to the ports and garrisons which served the Empire. The Union Jack Club was to be built as a National Memorial to those who had fallen in the South African War. The Union Jack Club naturally found itself in great demand during both World Wars and its resources were fully stretched, with the Union Jack Club growing from 208 bedrooms in 1904 to a total of 800 beds in 1939. In an epic, thrilling fight between Benn and McClellan, Benn was knocked through the ropes as McClellan utterly dominated Round 1, but Benn hung on to survive the first round and fought his way back into the contest which developed into a brutal war. Benn was in control of the momentum of the fight around Rounds 4–6 as McClellan struggled to keep his gumshield in his mouth. A desperate McClellan struck back in Rounds 7 and 8, and Benn was knocked down again in the eighth, but an exhausted and drained McClellan was unable to follow up and Benn rallied to stop McClellan in Round 10, as McClellan took a knee and was counted out by the referee. At the time of the stoppage, two judges had McClellan ahead and one had the fight even, although those scorecards are from the end of Round 9, and therefore not counting the two knockdowns Benn scored on McClellan in the tenth. The lack of any Welsh symbol or colours in the flag is due to Wales already being part of the Kingdom of England when the flag of Great Britain was created in 1606. Since there is no Welsh element in the Union Jack, Wrexham's Labour MP Ian Lucas proposed on 26 November 2007 in a House of Commons debate that the Union Flag be combined with the Welsh flag to reflect Wales' status within the UK, and that the red dragon be added to the Union Flag's red, white, and blue pattern. He said the Union Jack currently only represented the other three UK nations, and Minister for Culture, Creative Industries and Tourism Margaret Hodge conceded that Lucas had raised a valid point for debate. She said, "the Government is keen to make the Union Flag a positive symbol of Britishness reflecting the diversity of our country today and encouraging people to take pride in our flag."