 For the second summer in a row, President Trump stood in front of the press and demonstrated that he doesn't actually know what makes America great. The sounds of shocked gasps were audible from sea to shining sea on Monday as the US President stood next to Russian President, Vladimir Putin, in Helsinki and rebuked the US intelligence community in a breathtaking few minutes of political history. The President's remarks were so stunning that there were even voices on Fox News who had to admit how badly Trump had performed (though some, like Sean Hannity and Tucker Carlson, still found ways to praise him). It would have been one thing had the President remained silent in front of Putin about the massive evidence of Russian interference in the 2016 US presidential election, or if he had only briefly acknowledged the situation so that he could move on to other issues.  President Donald Trump had a golden opportunity on Monday to stare down Russian President Vladimir Putin and tell him, in no uncertain terms, that Russia's meddling in the 2016 election was totally unacceptable, and that if anything like it continued going forward, there would be major and serious penalties to pay. Instead, standing next to Putin at the US-Russia summit in Helsinki, Trump did the opposite. "I hold both countries responsible," Trump said in response to a question from the American press about Russia's interference. "I think that the United States has been foolish.  President Donald Trump appears to think we are all idiots. He just tried to fix what could be the biggest crisis of his presidency -- and he failed disastrously. Trump returned from his world tour to a country where the word "treason" was trending on Twitter, and where members of his own party were declaring on TV that he had betrayed the United States. Hours earlier he'd left America and the rest of the world slack-jawed in astonishment at his fawning press conference with Russian President Vladimir Putin, where at every turn, Trump seemed to take Putin's side and attack his own country, explaining that in their private meeting Putin had been "extremely strong and powerful" in denying Russia interfered in the 2016 election -- despite the conclusion of the US intelligence agencies that it had.