 Karen Handel's victory in the Georgia special House election Tuesday night has House Republicans who recently voted for a deeply unpopular bill to repeal Obamacare breathing a sigh of relief. And it will now offer some cover -- even political reassurance -- to Senate Republicans who are gearing up to cast similar votes next week. The Democrat in the Georgia race, Jon Ossoff, was unsuccessful in flipping a traditionally Republican district in the Atlanta suburbs previously represented by Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price. Had the 30-year-old first-time political candidate pulled off an upset, it would have dealt a major blow to the Republican Party's already complicated efforts to gut Obamacare.  As Senate Republicans, largely outside public scrutiny, hash out details over their health care plan, Democrats are hammering them for what they say is a lack of transparency. Seven years ago, Republicans were complaining about Obamacare negotiations -- an imperfect comparison, considering Democrats held a number of bipartisan hearings and markups, a White House summit and President Barack Obama even addressed the GOP caucus -- often tweeting their disgust at what they said was backroom deal-making. The man at the helm of the current effort to reshape America's health care system repeatedly criticized the process through which Obamacare was passed. In 2010, current Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said: "Democrats on Capitol Hill are working behind the scenes on a plan aimed at jamming this massive health spending bill through Congress against the clear wishes of an unsuspecting public."  The Alabama lawmaker who captivated CNN viewers around the world with a powerful eyewitness account of Wednesday's shooting attack on members of Congress returned to "New Day" Friday to thank the officer whose courage saved so many lives. "I'll always remember him and the sacrifice and the courage he showed on behalf of the United States Congress, the staff and the people who were there," Rep. Mo Brooks said of Capitol Police Officer David Bailey, who fired back at the assailant despite being wounded himself. The Republican congressman's voice cracked as he recalled thanking Bailey in person at the Congressional Baseball Game Thursday night. "Something compelled me to go over there," said Brooks.