 Wikileaks founder Julian Assange remains holed up in the Ecuadorian embassy in London this morning, his future still in question after being granted diplomatic asylum by Ecuador yesterday. Government officials in Ecuador said they were concerned that Assange could be sent to the United States to face charges for leaking sensitive documents. Protesters gathered outside the embassy, where Assange took refuge exactly two months ago, as British authorities made it clear that they do not intend to let the Wikileaks founder leave the country. John Negroponte, former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations and chairman of the Council of Americas, joins Starting Point today to weigh in on why the Ecuadorian government made the decision to grant Assad asylum.  Ecuador has granted Julian Assange asylum out of concern the Wikileaks founder will be politically persecuted if extradited. The decision is a victory for Assange, who is trying to avoid being extradited to Sweden and has been holed up inside Ecuador's embassy in London for nearly two months. But the bad news for Assange is that British police have refused to grant him safe passage out of the country. The British government has pledged to send Assange to Sweden to face questioning on sex crimes charges, but Ecuador's foreign minister says if Assange is sent to Sweden, he could then be extradited to the United States to face charges of espionage or treason.  For a few hours before Ecuador's announcement that it would grant the WikiLeaks founder political asylum, and for 12 hours after the announcement, #Assange trended on Twitter across Julian Assange's homeland, Australia. It was as though the void left by the London Olympics was filled by the oddly mesmerizing spectacle of a widely anticipated decision, well ahead of the Ecuadorian Foreign Ministers' blistering critique of Great Britain, the United States and Sweden and the parlous situation in which the white-haired Assange finds himself. As Assange's supporters rallied in London outside the Ecuadorian Embassy where he has been holed up for 58 days, in Australia the political elite seemed to be scurrying to the safety of black letter law. Opinion: Australia to Assange's rescue?