Australia, officially the Commonwealth of Australia, is a sovereign country comprising the mainland of the Australian continent, the island of Tasmania, and numerous smaller islands. It is the largest country in Oceania and the world's sixth-largest country by total area. The neighbouring countries are Papua New Guinea, Indonesia, and East Timor to the north; the Solomon Islands and Vanuatu to the north-east; and New Zealand to the south-east. The population of 26 million is highly urbanised and heavily concentrated on the eastern seaboard.  Australia is ordering automakers to recall more than two million vehicles fitted with potentially deadly airbags. The Australian government said Wednesday that the cars contain airbags made by Takata, the Japanese company at the heart of a scandal that has led to tens of millions of vehicle recalls around the world in recent years. Takata airbags have been linked to at least 23 deaths globally, including one in Australia, according to a statement by the Australian Treasury. A defect can cause the airbags to explode and blast shrapnel into drivers and passengers.  Donald Trump may have got off to a rocky start with Australia when he became president last year, but his administration is determined to put it behind them this week when Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull visits the US. Trump and Turnbull's first official interaction was a spiky phone call shortly after the President's inauguration, which the US leader described at the time as his "most unpleasant call all day." However, Turnbull's visit has become a significant one for the United States -- as a multi-billion dollar investor and one of America's closet allies in a region they're rapidly losing to an increasingly assertive China, Australia is more important to the United States now than ever before. "President Trump hasn't formed that many really close relationships with foreign heads of government ... in fact, he's alienated a number of them," Michael Fullilove, executive director at Sydney's Lowy Institute told CNN.