Will Tracy, an associate editor at The Onion, told the New York Times in 2010 that the Office of the Vice President had sent the Onion staff an email with the message "Keep it up. He really likes it." Tracy commented, "Apparently he's a fan." Biden's office denied being aware of any communication between the Vice President and The Onion. Conversely, other commentators felt that the Onion's jokes had called attention to the issue of Biden's inappropriate behavior toward women without necessarily glorifying or excusing his behavior. Joe Berkowitz at Fast Company wrote that "ven the Onion, whose memification of the Veep ... helped shore up affection for , couldn't help commenting on his attitudes toward women from time to time." Maureen Callahan at the New York Post said The Onion had "spoofed Biden's sleaziness as early as 2009", which she cited as proof that Biden's perceived inappropriate behavior had been in the public eye for a long time and would not be easy or morally acceptable to minimize or excuse. Matthew Yglesias at Vox said that the discussion about Biden and women had raised the "issue" of "what standard of conduct is acceptable for men in power" and that, on that topic, the overarching meaning of The Onion's long-running "joke" about Biden had been that the vice president "really was an old-school presence in the Obama White House".  White House press secretary Josh Earnest reflected on his time at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue Wednesday, telling CNN the "role of journalists in our democracy has never been more important." "The White House Press Corps has a responsibility to hold people in power accountable and to ask tough questions," he said, adding, "that can be uncomfortable even for people doing the right thing for the right reasons but it's necessary for our democracy and for the next four years." Speaking to CNN's Chris Cuomo, Earnest reflected on his ten years of service both in front of cameras and behind the scenes, saying he had "been inspired" by President Barack Obama and believed the administration had "moved the country in the right direction." "It's never been about just punching the clock from 9:00 to 5:00.