 Arnold Schwarzenegger said he dealt with his multiple affairs, like other big moments in his life, by denying them -- even, and at times especially from his wife. "That's the way I handled things, and it always has worked," the action hero-turned-politician said in an interview Sunday night on CBS' "60 Minutes." "But it's not the best thing for people around me." For instance, Schwarzenegger admitted that he had wanted to hide his heart surgery in 1997 from his then-pregnant wife of 11 years, Maria Shriver. In many recent years, the University of California System has faced increased and growing criticism for its high admittance of out-of-state or international students as opposed to in-state, Californian students. In particular, UC Berkeley and UC Los Angeles have been heavily criticized for this phenomenon due to their extraordinarily low acceptance rates compared to other universities in the system. At a Board of Regents meeting in 2015, California Governor Jerry Brown reportedly said on the problem of the UC's relationship with Californian applicants, “And so you got your foreign students and you got your 4.0 folks, but just the kind of ordinary, normal students, you know, that got good grades but weren’t at the top of the heap there – they’re getting frozen out.” Both California public university systems are publicly funded higher education institutions. Despite having fewer students, some individual UC campuses, as a result of their research emphasis and medical centers, have larger budgets than the entire CSU system. According to a 2002 study, faculty at the CSU spend about 30 hours a week teaching and advising students and about 10 hours a week on research/creative activities, while a 1984 study reports faculty at the UC spend about 26 hours a week teaching and advising students and about 23 hours a week on research/creative activities. CSU's Chancellor, Dr. Charles B. Reed, pointed out when delivering his Pullias Lecture at the University of Southern California, that California was big enough to afford two world-class systems of public higher education, one that supports research (UC) and one that supports teaching (CSU).