In June 2019, McConnell stated in an interview on The Ingraham Angle that he does not support statehood for Puerto Rico or the District of Columbia. He explained that Democrats in Congress "plan to make the District of Columbia a state – that'd give them two new Democratic senators – Puerto Rico a state, that would give them two more new Democratic senators". McConnell stated concern that this would lead to "full-bore socialism on the march in the House. And yeah, as long as I'm the majority leader of the Senate, none of that stuff is going anywhere". More criticism of perceived weakness came in the midst of an extended confirmation fight over Bush's pick for US ambassador to the United Nations, John R. Bolton. Twice Frist failed to garner the 60 votes to break cloture, getting fewer votes the second time and even losing the support of one moderate Republican (George Voinovich of Ohio). On June 21, 2005, Frist said the situation had been "exhausted" and there would be no more votes. Only an hour later, after speaking to the White House, Frist said: "The president made it very clear he wants an up-or-down vote." Several commentators pointed out that a provision newly added to the final version of the bill, which some termed the "Corker Kickback," could financially benefit the Senator. In response, Corker's office stated that the senator was not a member of the tax-writing committee nor was he involved in crafting the legislation, and that he requested no specific tax provisions throughout the months-long debate. Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) called the assertions about Corker's vote "categorically false," adding, "It takes a great deal of imagination – and likely no small amount of partisanship – to argue that a provision that has been public for over a month, debated on the floor of the House of Representatives, including a House-passed bill, and identified by JCT as an issue requiring a compromise between conferees is somehow a covert and last-minute addition to the conference report." House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady (R-Texas) also rebutted the charges, saying, "To claim that Sen. Corker had anything to do with it, in my view, is baloney.