 South Korean officials met with Chinese President Xi Jinping on Monday, as part of an effort to bring jittery regional powers on board with US President Donald Trump's decision to accept a face-to-face meeting with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. Seoul's lead envoy, National Security Advisor Chung Eui-Yong, sat down with Xi in Beijing for 35 minutes on Monday, as a parallel delegation headed to Tokyo to brief Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on the attempts to open talks with Pyongyang on its nuclear and missile program. "I support the US-NK talks. I am delighted that S. Korea's efforts have made great progress in the overall Korean Peninsula situation and that close dialogue between NK and the US has been achieved," Xi said, according to a statement from the South Korean presidential office.  Administration officials are scrambling to turn President Donald Trump's surprise decision to meet North Korean leader Kim Jong Un into a reality, preparing for an unprecedented, high stakes summit with little time, an understaffed State Department and a mercurial President who may not stick to his script when the time comes. The White House will convene a meeting Tuesday to discuss preparations, an administration official said. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson cut short a trip to Africa to "get his hands around what's happening," the official said. In the meantime, Tillerson and other senior officials reached out to allies worldwide and lawmakers on Capitol Hill to brief them on the decision.  Republican defense hawks are watching closely as President Donald Trump prepares to meet with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, an unprecedented meeting that could redefine the future of US and North Korean relations for decades to come. On Thursday, South Korea's national security adviser Chung Eui-yong delivered the invitation to Trump along with a message that North Korea would be willing to discuss their nuclear program. Soon after, the White House announced Trump would be willing to sit down with Kim. RELATED: 5 reasons why Donald Trump's massive North Korea gamble makes total and complete sense But on Capitol Hill, the reviews from defense hawks were cautious, mixed and in some cases non-existent.