 Donald Trump returns to Nevada Wednesday for the final presidential debate in a state that is critical to his path to the White House -- and one where he has remained tied with Hillary Clinton despite all the turmoil rocking his campaign. Nevada has been kind to Trump, handing him a resounding victory in this year's caucuses that helped him clinch the Republican nomination, even though he had little in the way of a campaign apparatus and hundreds of volunteers who were entirely new to the presidential process. The Republican Party is trying to match the enthusiasm of Trump's Nevada supporters with resources, conducting volunteer trainings all over the state this year  in an effort to turn Trump's eager supporters into phone-banking and door-knocking regulars. Their biggest challenge will be to catch up with the formidable Democratic machine, powered by labor in a state where union power is strong.  Donald Trump on Wednesday refused to say he would accept the result of the presidential election if he loses to Hillary Clinton, raising the possibility of an extraordinary departure from principles that have underpinned American democracy for more than two centuries. "I will look at it at the time," Trump said when asked during the final presidential debate whether he would concede if he loses on November 8, following his claims that the election is "rigged" against him. He added: "I will keep you in suspense." The comments at the Las Vegas showdown marked a stunning moment that has never been seen in the weeks before a modern presidential election.  The man behind the charge to get the United Kingdom to leave the EU said Donald Trump should focus on the core issues affecting the American people during his final debate instead of the lurid accounts dominating the race in recent days. "I think whether it's Washington or Brussels or London, what we've seen over the last 25 years is an emergence of a political class that is out of touch with mainstream public opinion," Nigel Farage, a vocal Trump supporter, told CNN's Brooke Baldwin. "Hillary (Clinton) is the epitome of that establishment." Farage led the effort behind the United Kingdom's exit from the EU, decided by a June  referendum, a political movement that has been compared to Trump's rise because of its focus on trade policy and immigration.