 Former Vice President Joe Biden said on Thursday that President Donald Trump is trying to "hijack an election" by repeatedly pushing Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky to investigate the former vice president and his son. "He'd like to get foreign help to win elections," Biden said of Trump at a private California fundraiser, according to a pool report, marking his strongest comments to date on the Ukraine scandal. The Democratic presidential candidate asserted there hasn't been "one shred of evidence" showing wrongdoing by his family, according to the report. "There's nothing anybody in my family did wrong ... at all."  Republican Sen. Mitt Romney said Sunday that it "would be troubling in the extreme" if President Donald Trump pressured Ukraine's president to investigate former Vice President Joe Biden amid an ongoing controversy over a call Trump had with the foreign leader that was part of a whistleblower complaint. In a tweet, Romney, who was his party's presidential nominee in 2012, also said it was "critical" for the facts surrounding the call to emerge. "If the President asked or pressured Ukraine's president to investigate his political rival, either directly or through his personal attorney, it would be troubling in the extreme. Critical for the facts to come out," Romney, who represents Utah, wrote in the tweet.  Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky on Tuesday would not answer if it was his understanding that American military aid for Ukraine and an investigation into former Vice President Joe Biden and his son Hunter was linked. When approached by CNN at the United Nations in New York, Zelensky simply responded that his conversations with President Donald Trump are "private and confidential." When asked if he wanted the transcript of the call to be released, Zelensky said, "We'll see." Zelensky is at the center of a political storm in the United States after reports that Trump pressured him to investigate Hunter Biden, who sat on the board of Ukrainian gas company that was under investigation by Ukraine's general prosecutor while Joe Biden was vice president.