 Iranian lawmakers have summoned President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to answer questions before Parliament about his management of economic policies and key government ministers. The move comes after a power struggle between Ahmadinejad and Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei spilled into public view last year. It is the first time since the Iranian Revolution in 1979 that the Parliament has succeeded in summoning a president to testify before it. The internal political tensions coincide with outside pressure on Iran from the United States and other countries over Tehran's nuclear program.  The United Nations nuclear monitors plan to return to Iran at the end of the month after a positive assessment from both sides of the latest visit. An International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) team spent three days in Tehran this week. Another meeting is planned for February 21-22. "The agency is committed to intensifying dialogue," said Director General Yukiya Amano.  The United States has moved to freeze assets of Iran's government and financial institutions, saying they had engaged in "deceptive practices," President Barack Obama's administration announced Monday. An executive order signed Sunday by Obama freezes all assets of the Iranian government and banks held in the United States, according to John Sullivan, a Treasury Department spokesman. Previously, recipients of Iranian funds covered by U.S. law were required to "reject" such transactions under sanctions first imposed in 1995, according to the Treasury Department. "I have determined that additional sanctions are warranted, particularly in light of the deceptive practices of the Central Bank of Iran and other Iranian banks to conceal transactions of sanctioned parties, the deficiencies in Iran's anti-money laundering regime and the weaknesses in its implementation, and the continuing and unacceptable risk posed to the international financial system by Iran's activities," Obama said in a statement to Congress released by the White House.