Though his acting career did not yield great success, he functioned well at Marvel, where he obtained a full-time position. One of the first new characters created by Claremont was Madrox the Multiple Man in Giant-Size Fantastic Four #4 (Feb. 1975). Marvel's editor-in-chief at the time, Len Wein, who recognized Claremont's enthusiasm for the new X-Men that Wein and Dave Cockrum had created in 1975, hired Claremont, a relatively young writer, to take over the series as of issue #94 (May 1975), reasoning that doing so would not draw opposition from other writers, given the book's poor standing. Claremont approached the job as a method actor, developing the characters by examining their motives, desires and individual personalities. True to his word to the school's administrators, Iversen kept the school's identity secret, and undertook extensive measures to create composite characters of the students and teachers and blur any identifying characteristics of individuals or the school. But the site's carefully protected identity was nationally exposed by the Los Angeles Times. As Iversen appeared in media, he was identified by staff at Claremont High's newspaper, the Wolfpacket, which the L.A. Times gave an ad hoc student journalism award for its exposé, claiming it would be the first of many annual awards—although future awards never occurred. After the award had been given, the L.A. Times's Bob Sipchen, who opposed Iversen, then went on to extract quotes from precisely the five students his paper had awarded, even though none of those students had ever met Iversen, getting one ex-Wolfpacket staffer to say that Iversen was "exaggerating everything that happened and blatantly lying about his experience." A 2009 Slate article called Claremont the "soapiest writer in comic books.... The classic Claremont pose is either a character, head hung in shame with two enormous rivers of tears running down the cheeks as he or she delivers a self-loathing monologue, or a character with head thrown back and mouth open in a shout of rage, shaking tiny fists at heaven and vowing that the whole world will soon learn about his or her feelings." However, the article goes to state that "the genius of Chris Claremont was that he made mutants a generic stand-in for all minorities". "I'm an immigrant," said Claremont in 2014, describing his affinity with outsiders.