 Huawei's chief financial officer will be in a Canadian court this week for a highly anticipated hearing. It's a major step toward determining whether she will be extradited to the United States, and a critical test for a Chinese company that has become emblematic of US-China tensions. Meng Wanzhou's case has been closely watched since she was arrested in Vancouver in late 2018 at the behest of the US government, which has charged her and Huawei with bank fraud and evasion of economic sanctions against Iran. Both she and the company have denied the charges, and Meng has accused US and Canadian officials of unlawfully detaining, searching and interrogating her.  Graduating from Harvard Medical School and being a part of the Navy SEALs must not have been enough accomplishments for Jonny Kim. The 35-year-old is now the first Korean-American to become a NASA astronaut. Kim, along with 12 others, graduated last week from NASA's Artemis program, allowing the astronauts to be eligible to participate in missions to the International Space Station, to the moon and even Mars. Two of the candidates were from the Canadian Space Agency, but the 11 others, including Kim, were selected from an initial pool of more than 18,000 applicants, NASA said.  The CEO of a Canadian company affected by last week's plane crash near Tehran has lashed out against the Trump administration's handling of the crisis in relations between the United States and Iran. Michael McCain, chief executive of Canadian food packaging company Maple Leaf Foods, said one of his colleagues lost his wife and 11-year-old son after Iranian forces shot down the Ukrainian Airlines jet Wednesday, killing all 176 people on board. McCain said Sunday night in a series of tweets posted on his company's verified Twitter account that he believes President Donald Trump's actions in the Middle East were ultimately responsible for their deaths, describing them as "the collateral damage" of an "ill-conceived plan to divert attention from political woes." The flight crashed shortly after taking off from Tehran's airport.