 As the Zika scare ramps up in south Florida, Miami-Dade County Mayor Carlos Gimenez said authorities will target 10 square miles north of downtown Miami to combat the virus. Citing recommendations from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention -- which issued a travel warning Monday -- and the Florida Department of Health, Gimenez said the mosquito control team would start spraying the area, which includes the Wynwood neighborhood, by Wednesday morning. "I ask all residents to continue to do their part by draining standing water, protecting ourselves and our families by using mosquito repellant and covering up when going outdoors, especially during early morning and evening hours," Gimenez said Tuesday. The Zika virus has been linked to microcephaly, which causes unusually small heads and brain damage, in children born to infected mothers, as well as to blindness, deafness, seizures and other congenital defects.  The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention issued an unprecedented travel warning Monday, advising pregnant women and their partners not to travel to a small community just north of downtown Miami, where Zika is actively circulating. This is the first time the CDC has warned people not to travel to an American neighborhood for fear of catching an infectious disease, according to agency spokesman Tom Skinner. This week, 11 additional people in Florida were found to have been infected with Zika virus after being bitten by local mosquitoes, bringing the total to 15. New cases were found by door-to-door surveys of 200 people in their homes and businesses, and they were identified by urine and blood samples that tested positive for the virus or an antibody.  More people in Florida may have caught the Zika virus after being bitten by local mosquitoes, Gov. Rick Scott announced today. On Friday, state health officials confirmed that four people had obtained Zika from mosquitoes in a square mile area just north of downtown Miami. "Today, Florida's Department of Health has confirmed that 10 additional people have contracted the Zika virus locally, likely through a mosquito bite," Scott said.