The International Phonetic Association (IPA; French: Association phonétique internationale, API) is an organization that promotes the scientific study of phonetics and the various practical applications of that science. The IPA’s major contribution to phonetics is the International Phonetic Alphabet—a notational standard for the phonetic representation of all languages. The acronym IPA is used to refer to both the association and the alphabet. On 30 June 2015, it was incorporated as a British private company limited by guarantee.The IPA also publishes the Journal of the International Phonetic Association. The International Phonetic Alphabet (IPA) is an alphabetic system of phonetic notation based primarily on the Latin alphabet. It was devised by the International Phonetic Association in the late 19th century as a standardized representation of the sounds of spoken language. The IPA is used by lexicographers, foreign language students and teachers, linguists, speech-language pathologists, singers, actors, constructed language creators and translators.The IPA is designed to represent only those qualities of speech that are part of oral language: phones, phonemes, intonation and the separation of words and syllables. To represent additional qualities of speech, such as tooth gnashing, lisping, and sounds made with a cleft lip and cleft palate, an extended set of symbols, the extensions to the International Phonetic Alphabet, may be used.IPA symbols are composed of one or more elements of two basic types, letters and diacritics. The Institute of Practitioners in Advertising (IPA), incorporated by Royal Charter is the trade body and professional institute for agencies in the UK's advertising, media and marketing communications industry. It covers all aspects of the agency business: creative, digital marketing, direct marketing, healthcare, media, out-of-home advertising, sales promotion and sponsorship sectors. It currently has around 300 agency members.The role of the IPA is to promote the value of media, marketing and advertising agencies. It is a spokesman for the industry.