 Pope Francis has declared that the death penalty is never admissible and that the Catholic Church will work towards its abolition around the world, the Vatican formally announced Thursday. The change, which has been added to the Catechism of the Catholic Church, makes official a position that the Pope has articulated since he became pontiff. The church now teaches that "the death penalty is inadmissible because it is an attack on the inviolability and dignity of the person" and states that it will "work with determination towards its abolition worldwide," the Vatican said. The declaration by Pope Francis, who is spiritual leader to the world's 1.2 billion Catholics, may have particular resonance in the United States, where capital punishment remains legal in 31 states and as a federal punishment. In August 2018, an appeal was made to the cardinals of the Catholic Church by 45 persons, including professors and Catholic clergy, calling on the cardinals to advise Pope Francis to retract a recent revision made to the Catechism regarding the admissibility of the death penalty. The appeal expressed concern that the change in the catechism contradicts prior Catholic teaching on the death penalty and may cast doubt on the reliability of the Magisterium. Other theologians who maintain that there can be no such development in Church doctrine, describe Francis' change as rather reprioritizing doctrines. In 2014, Pope Francis proposed the abolition of both capital punishment and life imprisonment in a meeting with representatives of the International Association of Penal Law, suggesting that states should find another way to protect people from aggression, and includes deaths caused by police brutality and extrajudicial punishment. He cited the "traditional teaching of the church" that accepted the death penalty in cases when there are no other options to protect the people (in line with the Catechism as adapted by John Paul II in 1995), but considered that nowadays such cases may be minimal or even nonexistent. He also stated that life imprisonment, recently removed from the Vatican penal code, was just a variation of the death penalty. In 2018, he changed the Catechism of the Catholic Church to condemn the death penalty "under all circumstances".