In 1989, in Boca Raton, Florida, communications attorney Mitchell Rubenstein and his wife Laurie Silvers devised the concept for the Sci-Fi Channel. They planned to have it begin broadcasting in December 1990, but they lacked the resources to launch it. In March 1992, the concept was picked up by USA Networks, then a joint venture between Paramount Pictures and Universal Studios. The channel was seen as a natural fit with classic films and television series that both studios had in their vaults, including Universal's Dracula, Frankenstein, and the Rod Serling TV series Night Gallery, along with Paramount's Star Trek. Pepperdine has also had recurring television roles in Julia Davis's Sky Atlantic series Camping; The Woman In White for BBC One; the Channel 4 series High and Dry and The Windsors, the latter of which she played Princess Anne; the BBC Three series Together;the BBC Four sitcom Up the Women; and the  comedy drama Grass. She has appeared in over 50 TV shows, including episodes of Rev, Midsomer Murders, Still Open All Hours, New Tricks, Doc Martin, Twenty Twelve, Lovesick,  frequent collaborator Julia Davis' dark comedy Nighty Night, Jack Dee's Lead Balloon, Steve Coogan's I'm Alan Partridge and Mid Morning Matters, Saxondale, and Miranda Hart's Christmas Unwrapped and Miranda. In 2014, Pepperdine played Harry Hill's housekeeper Mrs Flittersnoop in The Incredible Adventures of Professor Branestawm on BBC One. She was played the regular role of midwife Anna Nikolayevna in both series of A Young Doctor's Notebook. Stanley Kubrick met with him to discuss the possibility of Martin starring in a screwball comedy version of Traumnovelle (Kubrick later changed his approach to the material, the result of which was 1999's Eyes Wide Shut). Martin was executive producer for Domestic Life, a prime-time television series starring friend Martin Mull, and a late-night series called Twilight Theater. It emboldened Martin to try his hand at his first serious film, Pennies from Heaven (1981), based on the 1978 BBC serial by Dennis Potter. He was anxious to perform in the movie because of his desire to avoid being typecast.