 The House Judiciary Committee convened its second impeachment hearing into President Donald Trump, with lawyers for Democrats and Republicans making the cases for and against whether the pressure campaign conducted by the White House is an impeachable act. My rolling takeaways from the ongoing hearing -- which is expected to consume the entirety of Monday -- are below. This is all very hard to watch Within the first hour of the hearing, Democratic House Judiciary Chairman Rep. Jerry Nadler, Republican ranking member Rep. Doug Collins and, among others, Florida Republican Rep. Matt Gaetz and Louisiana Republican Rep. Mike Johnson, repeatedly clashed over a) the very idea that the hearing was being held b) whether House minority rights were being violated and c) other legislative arcana that literally no one outside that committee room even understood. Gaetz, a major Trump supporter who has shown a knack for the spotlight, was, at one point, simply shouting at Nadler for holding the hearing at all -- and blasting the fact that staffers for both sides would be doing a lot of the talking during it.  In a grave repudiation of President Donald Trump's conduct, the House Judiciary Committee voted Friday to send articles of impeachment to the full House, marking only the fourth time a president has faced such a move. The morning move toward impeaching the President set the stage for a historic vote by the House next week. Though Democrats are facing at least two defections within their caucus on the politically fraught vote, it is now almost a foregone conclusion that the Democratically-controlled House will impeach Trump. Members will consider two charges against Trump approved by the committee Friday.  The House Judiciary Committee, on a sprint to approve articles of impeachment against President Donald Trump as early as Thursday, is a perfect metaphor for America's estranged political moment. Meeting under the eye of history in a rare evening session Wednesday, Democratic and Republican lawmakers spoke past one another, unable to coalesce even on a common set of facts. In a hearing that was more surreal than somber despite its grave intent, they might as well have been talking about a different President, a different Constitution and a different nation. OPINION: The Navy, grace and Star Wars: three ways to heal AmericaDemocrats at least operated from the evidence unearthed by the impeachment inquiry as individual members took advantage of a prime-time spotlight to claim their moment for posterity and to accuse Trump of violating his oath of office in Ukraine.