 Six months after U.S. military action began against ISIS, the White House is poised to send Capitol Hill this week language to formally authorize the mission. But it's far from certain if the measure can pass Congress, which is deeply divided on the issue. The proposal from the Obama administration, which is expected on the Hill on Tuesday or Wednesday, would approve continued military operations against the terror group in the Mideast, but request a three-year mission so that the next president would have to come back to Congress for new approval, according to a congressional source familiar with the discussions. The White House will also call for restrictions on American combat troops on the ground, but is also likely to allow some exceptions -- such as for search and rescue missions, multiple congressional sources said.  President Barack Obama will send Congress a proposal to authorize the use of force against ISIS shortly, both the White House and House Speaker John Boehner said Thursday, setting up a what's sure to be a fierce political fight on Capitol Hill. White House press secretary Josh Earnest told reporters the administration will send "specific language" of an Authorization for the Use of Military Force to Congress "relatively soon." And Boehner told Capitol Hill reporters he's "expecting ...  sent up here in the coming days." The President is required by law to secure congressional approval for prolonged military operations, by passing an AUMF -- war authority -- on Capitol Hill.  President Barack Obama on Wednesday made the case for Congress to formally authorize the use of military force in the war against ISIS, declaring that congressional passage of the measure makes the U.S. "strongest" in the fight, and that "ISIL is going to lose." "Now, make no mistake, this is a difficult mission and it will remain difficult for some time," he said during an afternoon press conference. But, he added, "Our coalition is on the offensive, ISIL is on the defensive and ISIL is going to lose." Obama, flanked by Vice President Joe Biden, Secretary of State John Kerry and Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel, outlined the parameters of the request he delivered to Congress earlier that day.