 Donald Trump will sit down with former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger Wednesday, two sources close to the campaign told CNN. This is one of several meetings the presumptive GOP nominee has held with Republican establishment leaders and figureheads in recent weeks, as he aims to unite the party around him before November. The face-to-face was first reported in the Washington Post. Sources declined to offer details on the meeting.  Hillary Clinton needled Donald Trump on Wednesday for not releasing his tax returns, questioning why the presumptive GOP nominee has put out scant information about how much he makes and pays in taxes. Trump has several times changed his position on whether he will release his tax returns now that he is the presumptive Republican nominee, giving a series of interviewers different answers for much of 2016. Clinton had yet to hit Trump for not releasing his taxes until today and her spokesman said that she had not planned to hit Trump for his tax returns at the event before a man yelled about Trump's taxes at Camden County College on Wednesday. RELATED: Trump resists calls to disclose his tax returns "Here is what Donald Trump wants to do.  Top Republican donors may be taking their time flocking to Donald Trump, but a prominent billionaire is on board: energy and hedge fund magnate T. Boone Pickens. Pickens, speaking to reporters on the sidelines of a hedge fund conference in Las Vegas, said he talked to Trump Monday and confirmed to the New York billionaire and presumptive nominee he'd support his candidacy. That's no small thing for Trump, whose presumptive position atop the GOP ticket has brought a new reality to his plate: the need to help raise hundreds of millions of dollars for his campaign and others across the Republican Party. Pickens, always a top target for Republican fundraisers, regularly sends big checks to Republican causes and candidates in Washington, from members of Congress and presidential campaigns to various state parties.