 For five months now, Elizabeth Warren has bounced around the country pitching ambitious ideas -- typically anchored by well-timed policy rollouts -- to achieve the "big, structural change" at the core of her pitch to Democratic primary voters. Now, with the first round of debates in sight, the energetic campaigner is beginning to see a different kind of movement -- in the polls. The latest round of surveys have shown Warren creeping up behind her ideological ally and friend Bernie Sanders, the Vermont senator whose campaign is increasingly adapting similar smallball tactics as a way of more directly addressing voters' questions and concerns. Former Vice President Joe Biden remains the frontrunner by a comfortable margin, but in the race to represent the party's more liberal wing, Warren is quietly on the rise. Warren and Bernie Sanders are the only leading 2020 candidates who are running their campaigns entirely on grassroots cash. The Los Angeles Times reported that of the front-runners in the presidential race, only Sanders and Warren have previously won an election with almost exclusively small online contributions, and that no presidential primary in recent history has had two of the top three candidates refuse to use bundlers or hold private fundraisers with wealthy donors. Noting Sanders's and Warren's willingness to appear at events not sponsored by potential wealthy donors, the Times wrote that of all the candidates invited to an African American church-based presidential forum in Atlanta, only Sanders and Warren attended; the others reported "scheduling conflicts".  House Democrats are planning to vote next week to empower committees to go to court to enforce their subpoenas, a move that will give committee chairmen a powerful tool to hold officials in contempt while bypassing the House floor. The plan is likely to expedite Democrats' efforts to fight the Trump administration in court over their subpoenas and could also help vulnerable Democratic lawmakers avoid repeated contempt votes on the House floor, although there are also concerns about implications of the precedent that's being set. The Democrats' resolution next week to hold Attorney General William Barr and former White House counsel Don McGahn in contempt and take those cases to court will also include language stating that committees can move to hold officials in contempt of Congress, Majority Leader Steny Hoyer said this week. The resolution will also include language directing the House to petition the courts to obtain grand jury information contained in the Mueller report.