 Russia announced it was ready to pursue agreements reached by Presidents Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump "in the sphere of international security," though the White House and Pentagon would not confirm any agreements had been made or offer any details. Trump and Putin met for about two hours during their summit in Helsinki with only translators present. It is still not clear what the two men discussed or agreed to during their meeting. "The Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation is ready for practical implementation of the agreements reached between Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President Donald Trump in the sphere of international security achieved at the Helsinki summit," Maj. Gen. Igor Konashenkov, a Russian military spokesman, said in a statement Tuesday.  The Helsinki summit provoked outrage in Washington after President Donald Trump declined to endorse the US government's assessment that Russia interfered in the 2016 presidential election. In Russia, it's being seen as a resounding success for Russian President Vladimir Putin. The immediate reaction from Russian officials and Russian media was to cast the meeting with Trump as a win for Moscow and a sign of the Kremlin leader's stature on the world stage. It was clear from the body language of top Russian officials.  Sen. John McCain praised the Department of Justice's announcement of the indictment of 12 Russian intelligence officers for interfering in the 2016 presidential election, adding President Donald Trump shouldn't meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin unless he holds him accountable. "President Trump must be willing to confront Putin from a position of strength and demonstrate that there will be a serious price to pay for his ongoing aggression towards the United States and democracies around the world," the Arizona senator said in a statement Friday. "If President Trump is not prepared to hold Putin accountable, the summit in Helsinki should not move forward." RELATED: Schumer calls on Trump to cancel Putin meeting following Russian indictments The statement came hours after the Justice Department announced indictments against 12 Russian nationals as part of special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 election, accusing them of engaging in a "sustained effort" to hack Democrats' emails and computer networks.