 President Donald Trump's former campaign chairman Paul Manafort may not be headed to Rikers Island after the Trump administration's new deputy attorney general fielded a request from his defense lawyers to keep him in a federal prison. Manafort was moved by the federal prison system to the Metropolitan Correctional Center in Manhattan on Monday morning after Deputy Attorney General Jeffrey Rosen wrote to the Manhattan district attorney about what to do with him while the federal inmate awaits state court proceedings. "Before rendering a decision on this matter, the Department would like to know if your office has a response to the May 17 letter or would otherwise like to comment," Rosen wrote. "In order to resolve this question in a timely way, we would appreciate any response by June 18, 2019."  Former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort will be arraigned Thursday afternoon in New York City on state fraud charges, a source familiar with the matter tells CNN. He plans to plead not guilty and to fight the charges on the state's double jeopardy grounds, according to his defense lawyer, Todd Blanche. Manafort is currently in the Metropolitan Correctional Center in Manhattan, a federal prison. The arraignment places him in the public eye again after his case drew enormous attention during the special counsel's office probe. On December 30, 2017, The New York Times reported that Papadopoulos had in May 2016 disclosed to the Australian High Commissioner to the United Kingdom Alexander Downer in Kensington Wine Rooms, a London wine bar, that the Russians possessed a large trove of stolen Hillary Clinton emails that could potentially damage her presidential campaign. Australia officials initially did not convey this information to the American counterparts but did so after WikiLeaks and DCLeaks released stolen Democratic National Committee emails in June/July 2016, which American intelligence has concluded with "high confidence" originated from Russian hackers. The hacking, and the revelation that a member of the Trump campaign apparently had inside information about it, were driving factors that led the FBI in July 2016 to open an investigation into Russia's attempts to disrupt the election and whether any of President Trump's associates conspired. The Nunes memo confirmed that the Papadopolous matter triggered the investigation—and not the Steele dossier, which some Republicans had alleged to have been the trigger.