 Republican Rep. Steve King of Iowa has been removed from committee assignments following racist remarks, House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy announced Monday, the latest development in bipartisan condemnation of King's recent interview that appeared to lament that the term "white supremacist" is considered offensive. McCarthy announced that the House Republican Steering Committee -- which oversees committee assignments -- met Monday night and made a decision that King "will not be serving on committees in this Congress." The move is just the latest reaction to King's comments, which have outraged both sides of the aisle, and spurred calls for more actions against the conservative Iowa congressman, who has a lengthy history of incendiary comments related to race and immigration. Earlier Monday, a pair of the Senate's most high-profile Republicans sharply condemned King, the highest ranking GOP officials to publicly rebuke King after comments he made to The New York Times that were sympathetic to white supremacists.  Republican Rep. Steve King -- who has long been a target for criticism because of his public comments on race and immigration -- rejected Thursday being labeled a white nationalist, following bipartisan outrage for comments he made appearing to lament that white supremacist comments are considered offensive. "White nationalist, white supremacist, Western civilization — how did that language become offensive?" the Iowa Republican told The New York Times in a story published Thursday. "Why did I sit in classes teaching me about the merits of our history and our civilization?"  Rep. Steve King, the Iowa Republican who has a history of making racially inflammatory remarks, said Friday he was not concerned he would face any backlash from his party after making sympathetic comments towards white supremacists. Asked if he was worried that GOP leaders would strip him from committee assignments, King told CNN, "I've heard nothing like that -- why would anybody do that?" He also said he has no concerns that the National Republican Congressional Committee won't endorse him in his primary, saying, "They never have -- that's nothing new." And the Iowa Republican said he's not worried that his comments -- when he told The New York Times, "White nationalist, white supremacist, Western civilization — how did that language become offensive?"