 All of the top contenders in the 2020 Democratic presidential race will be on the same stage for the first time Thursday night when they meet for the party's third primary debate. In this round, the requirements to qualify were higher -- which winnowed what had been 20-candidate field spread over two nights down to a single, 10-candidate stage. At the center of the stage, the front-runner in national polls, former Vice President Joe Biden, will be sandwiched between his two chief progressive foes in Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren and Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders. Meanwhile, seven other candidates mired in the single digits in polls -- California Sen. Kamala Harris, South Bend, Indiana, Mayor Pete Buttigieg, New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker, former Texas Rep. Beto O'Rourke, entrepreneur Andrew Yang, former Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julián Castro and Minnesota Sen. Amy Klobuchar -- will all look for ways to break out, with the first states set to vote in the 2020 primary in less than five months. Each of the first two debates took place during two consecutive nights, with a maximum of 10 candidates per night. The DNC, at a public event before each debate, drew lots among the qualified candidates to determine whether they shall debate on the first or second night. This drawing procedure was designed to avoid the appearance of a "kiddie table" debate where the lowest polling candidates were grouped together with no leading candidates, which happened during the 2016 Republican Party presidential debates. Days before the December 2019 debate, for which Cory Booker did not qualify, he sent a petition to the other candidates' campaigns in which he urged the DNC to change the qualification requirements for the upcoming debates in 2020 so that more non-white candidates could participate. All candidates that qualified for the December debate as well as Julián Castro signed the petition. The DNC rejected the request to change the qualification criteria. The petition cites the New Hampshire Democratic Party central committee which voted to urge the DNC to "lift the barriers" on participation in further debates.