 This week's Democratic presidential debates on CNN are likely to mark the next milestone in the winnowing process already shrinking the historically large field of candidates. Over the next roughly 10 months, through the final primaries and caucuses in early June 2020, Democrats must reduce their field from the unruly herd of about two dozen candidates now contending to a single nominee. That process will unfold through innumerable tactical decisions by the campaigns, dozens of scripted and unscripted confrontations between the candidates, and countless choices by voters assessing it all. Turning points will come at unpredictable moments, and may be fully apparent only in retrospect.  A handful of low-polling moderates hoped to break through in a crowded Democratic field during Tuesday's debate by confronting the top-tier candidates on stage, Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren and Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders. Warren and Sanders withstood the attacks -- and counterpunched much harder. The two most progressive candidates in the 2020 Democratic field struck inspirational tones, with Warren urging Democrats to be "the party of big, structural change." And they won over the crowd as they debated with moderate critics who tried to question their electability and the feasibility of their ideas, but failed to knock either candidate on their heels even once.  CNN's first Democratic debate on Tuesday night will showcase a match-up between Sens. Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren, two icons of the progressive movement who are ultimately on a collision course for the party's presidential nomination. Their encounter will kick off two televised clashes between Democratic White House hopefuls on successive nights that could significantly reshape the primary campaign and will, for the first time, test how party hopefuls handle Donald Trump's ugly campaign strategy rooted in direct racism. The debates, each featuring 10 candidates, mark the biggest moment of the campaign yet and will further inflame plot lines stoked in June's frenetic first candidate free-for-alls.