 Concerns over security in Cleveland have been ramping up ahead of next week's Republican National Convention -- and are now further inflamed by recent incidents of racial violence that have wracked the country. With Donald Trump expected to formally accept the GOP's presidential nomination, numerous protest groups for and against the billionaire developer are preparing to launch dozens of rallies and marches across the Ohio city, which is anticipating 50,000 visitors for the GOP's quadrennial gathering. 5 takeaways from Paul Ryan's CNN town hall And the blame game for whatever could go wrong in the streets has already begun. Throughout the primaries, Trump's campaign was marked by racial tensions and spasms of violence both inside his events and the surrounding areas.  The group that has forced a series of difficult test votes on LGBT issues at the Republican National Convention early meetings plans to take that fight all the way to the floor of the convention. Delegates and operatives working with the American Unity Fund, a pro-LGBT GOP issues advocacy group with the support of billionaire Paul Singer, were circulating petitions here in an effort to convince at least 28 members of the convention Platform Committee to sign off on a so-called "minority report" -- a maneuver that would guarantee floor time for debate at the full convention next week. The group told repoters and fellow committee members they had the support of 37 delegates Tuesday night, but the effort began to unravel shortly thereafter. The group tried to submit their signatures before proceedings on the platform closed Tuesday night, but were told they would need to wait until Monday, when the full convention convenes.  In the weeks before Republicans descended on Cleveland, the band of conservative delegates fighting against Donald Trump promised a scrappy but ardent effort to take the convention by storm. Two days into the preliminary meetings, there's little sign the anti-Trump movement is taking hold. Republican National Committee members and delegates gathered in Cleveland for this week's battle have thus far largely brushed aside the effort to change the convention rules and allow delegates to vote for any candidate. "Whether you supported Donald Trump along the way or not: He.