 The Ebola outbreak in the Democratic Republic of Congo does not constitute a public health emergency of international concern, the World Health Organization said Friday. WHO defines a public health emergency of international concern as "an extraordinary event" that constitutes a "public health risk to other States through the international spread of disease" and "to potentially require a coordinated international response." In announcing the decision by the committee, Dr. Preben Aavitsland, the acting chair of the emergency committee, said "possible unintended consequences" and risks of an emergency declaration had been "extensively debated" by the committee members. Possible risks include border closures and restrictions on travel and trade that could "severely harm the economy" in Congo, he said.  The Ebola outbreak in the Democratic Republic of Congo made the long-feared jump across borders with three cases confirmed Wednesday in Uganda, including the death of a 5-year-old boy who had the virus. The World Health Organization and Ugandan health authorities said Tuesday that the Congolese boy had traveled from Congo on Sunday and entered Uganda with his family and sought medical care. The other two confirmed cases are the boy's 3-year-old brother and his grandmother, 50. They are being treated under isolation at the Bwera Hospital Ebola Treatment Unit, in the west of Uganda, the country's Ministry of Health said.  Ugandan authorities beefed up border controls and banned public gatherings in the region affected by Ebola Thursday, confirming a second death after the disease was first detected in the country this week. The country's health ministry said that a 50-year-old grandmother had died on Wednesday evening after arriving in Uganda on June 10 from the Democratic Republic of Congo, where Ebola has killed more than 1,300 people since August. The woman's 5-year-old grandson also died from the disease and his 3-year-old brother was confirmed to have contracted Ebola. The health ministry said that there were three suspected cases not related to the family and their blood samples had been sent for testing.