 Iraqi Kurdish President Massoud Barzani is willing to participate in the formation of a new government in Baghdad, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said Tuesday. On Monday, Barzani told CNN's Christiane Amanpour that he would press the issue of Kurdish independence with Kerry when the U.S. official visited Irbil, saying, "The Kurdish people should seize the opportunity now." Kurds have complained that Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki's Shiite-dominated government has marginalized them, a feeling shared by Iraq's Sunni Arab minority. In his interview with CNN, Kerry said Iraqi leaders he has spoken with have "realized they cannot continue with this sectarian division" -- a realization that would presumably include a greater role for Kurds in governance.  U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met Iraqi leaders Monday as radical Sunni militants continue their march toward Baghdad during the country's tensest time since the U.S. withdrawal of troops in 2011. "The future of Iraq depends on decisions made in the next few days and weeks," Kerry said after meeting with Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki, the man who some observers say needs to step down. Al-Maliki has agreed to a July 1 deadline to begin the process to form a new government, a requirement for U.S. assistance in fighting the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, or ISIS, Kerry said. "Our support will be intense, sustained," and will be effective if Iraqi leaders unite to face the militant threat, he said.  The United States is unlikely to undertake any military strikes against resurgent extremists in Iraq before a new government is formed, American officials and Arab diplomats told CNN. The Obama administration has been careful not to publicly, or even privately, demand Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki step down, insisting Iraqis must determine their own government. But senior American officials and Arab diplomats said they see al-Maliki's ouster as inevitable, as his inability to gain enough votes will eventually prompt his Shia-led party to put up another candidate acceptable to Sunnis and Kurds. Critics blame al-Maliki and his Shia-dominated government for the worsening sectarian division in Iraq three years after U.S. troops departed the country following years of war.