 The U.S. Supreme Court has ordered another look at lower court rulings blocking enforcement of two Texas laws dealing with voter identification and political voting boundaries. The move Thursday came two days after the court's conservative majority struck down a key part of the landmark Voting Rights Act, weakening federal oversight of states and counties with a past history of discrimination at the polls. These Texas cases could provide the first indication of how the U.S. Justice Department and the federal courts will handle fresh challenges to voting procedures in certain "covered" parts of the country. Amid the dramatic setback in the scope and enforcement of the Votings Right Act, the high court's action will allow Texas to implement the laws -- at least for now.  The Supreme Court has dismissed an appeal over same-sex marriage on jurisdictional grounds, ruling Wednesday private parties do not have "standing" to defend California's voter-approved ballot measure barring gay and lesbian couples from state-sanctioned wedlock. The ruling clears the way for same-sex marriages in California to resume. The 5-4 decision avoids, for now, a sweeping conclusion on whether same-sex marriage is a constitutional "equal protection" right that would apply to all states. Read the ruling At issue was whether the Constitution's guarantee of equal protection under the law prevents states from defining marriage to exclude same-sex couples, and whether a state can revoke same-sex marriage through referendum, as California did, once it already has been recognized.  Inside the marble walls at the Supreme Court, the last days of June are called the "flood season," a frantic push to finish its work for the summer. The stakes are especially high this term, with rulings on two major issues left to be announced. What the justices decide in the next week or so could fundamentally change lives and legacies on a range of politically explosive issues. On Monday, the court sidestepped a sweeping decision on the use of race-conscious school admission policies, ruling on the criteria at the University of Texas and whether they violate the equal protection rights of some white applicants.