 Former Attorney General Jeff Sessions might be interested in jumping into the race for his old Senate seat, but some Republicans are throwing cold water on the idea. Sessions, who represented Alabama in the US Senate from 1997 until he became President Donald Trump's first attorney general in 2017, is giving the race a look, a source familiar with the matter confirmed to CNN on Monday. He would need to make a decision by November 8. But Sessions has not discussed the race with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, nor has McConnell encouraged Sessions to run, according to one GOP source familiar with McConnell's thinking.  Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell went to extraordinary lengths Tuesday to avoid giving substantive answers to direct questions about the allegations made by Army Lt. Col. Alexander Vindman, the first current White House official to testify in the House impeachment inquiry about President Donald Trump's controversial call with the Ukrainian President that is at the heart of the probe. McConnell was pressed by a reporter about Vindman's testimony at his weekly news conference in the Capitol, as several other members of the Senate GOP leadership stood stoically -- and silently -- behind him. Notably, the Kentucky Republican's nonresponses came just a day after Trump had implored congressional Republicans to spend more energy defending his actions on that phone call, which he has described as "perfect," and not just to complain about the closed-door investigative process by House Democrats. "Concerning Col. Vindman's testimony, what he heard on the President's call, that conversation with the Ukrainian leader was so concerning that he worried it might undermine US national security.  During a face-to-face meeting last week, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell had some blunt advice for President Donald Trump: Stop attacking Senate Republicans. His presidency could depend on it, McConnell conveyed to Trump, according to a person familiar with the meeting, which was first reported by Politico. If Trump is impeached by the House of Representatives, the Republican-controlled Senate will decide whether he should be removed from office. As the House votes Thursday on a resolution guiding the impeachment process, Trump faces new pressure to keep Republicans on his side as he weathers the political crisis.