 Presidential candidate Jay Inslee said Wednesday that the Democratic National Committee's decision not to host a debate focused on climate change is "extremely disappointing." The Washington state governor, whose Democratic presidential bid is focused on climate change, said the decision is "totally unacceptable" and told CNN's Erin Burnett on "Erin Burnett OutFront" that "the grass roots of our party are demanding that we pay attention to this existential threat." "This is an issue upon which life depends itself and the continued civilization that we now enjoy," Inslee said. He said in a news release that the DNC had told his campaign, "If we participated in anyone else's climate debate, we will not be invited to future debates."  Some Democratic presidential candidates are not happy with the Democratic National Committee, and their anger is no longer being kept private. At least three candidates and their closest advisers are publicly criticizing the committee, with some lambasting it for limiting space in the first two debates -- which require candidates to meet donor or polling thresholds -- and others refusing to focus a debate on climate change. The uptick in criticism for the DNC brings to light conversations that have to date largely happened behind the scenes. But with the first Democratic primary debate in three weeks and the prospect that at least one current Democratic office holder could not make the debate stage, campaigns are starting to go public with their complaints against the DNC and their debate rules. The 2020 presidential campaign of Jay Inslee began when Inslee, the Governor of Washington, announced on March 1, 2019 that he would be running for the Democratic nomination. He was chair of the Democratic Governors Association for the 2018 election cycle and served as a co-chair of the United States Climate Alliance. He was the first governor to enter the 2020 race. Inslee's campaign centered around climate change and other environmental issues.