The African diaspora consists of the worldwide collection of communities descended from native sub-Saharan Africans or people from Sub-Saharan Africa, predominantly in the Americas. Historically, ethnographers, historians, politicians and writers have used the term particularly to refer to the descendants of the West and Central Africans who were enslaved and shipped to the Americas via the Atlantic slave trade between the 16th and 19th centuries, with their largest populations in Brazil, the United States and Haiti. Some scholars identify "four circulatory phases" of this migration out of Africa. Prior to the Atlantic slave trade, Arab traders took even more slaves from other parts of Africa, selling them to markets in North Africa and the Middle East (Western Asia). The Africans was a series of five fifteen-minute programmes broadcast on BBC Radio 4 during 2007, introduced by Nigerian journalist Ken Wiwa, whose father Ken Saro-Wiwa was executed by the Nigerian military government in 1995. The series attempted to give a more positive or different view of Africa than the commonly held pessimistic one, by interviewing "ordinary people doing extraordinary things" in different parts of the continent. The series was produced by Caroline Pare. The programme interviewed Africans living in Kenya, Ghana, Benin, Nigeria and South Africa and focused on the everyday lives of people working for social change, democratisation and progress in their own local communities. The culture in Africa is varied and manifold, consisting of a mixture of countries with various tribes that each have their own unique characteristic from the continent of Africa. It is a product of the diverse populations that today inhabit the continent of Africa and the African Diaspora. African culture is expressed in its arts and crafts, folklore and religion, clothing, cuisine, music and languages. Expressions of culture are abundant within Africa, with large amounts of cultural diversity being found not only across different countries but also within single countries.