 A controversial execution of a Muslim inmate in Alabama appears to have set off a rare public debate between Supreme Court justices over how the death penalty is enforced. Despite Chief Justice John Roberts' oft-stated goal of keeping the Supreme Court above the kinds of conflicts that have crippled the political branches of government, there are times when internal debates between the justices -- and even some sniping -- will seep out. The justices are still bitterly divided over the execution of Domineque Ray, who claimed his religious rights were violated because he could not have an imam with him in the execution chamber, in February -- so much so that they continued to litigate the case in an unrelated opinion issued on Monday. Along with a third death penalty case involving the request for a Buddhist spiritual adviser last week, the issue clearly has the justices riled up. The play’s discussion of women’s rights has been especially pertinent to audiences in light of recent hearings to appoint Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh. In an article for The New York Times, Ben Brantley writes: “Ms. Schreck’s show…never mentions Mr. Kavanaugh by name. But his invisible judiciary presence is there, affirming many of her implicit arguments, which are often indistinguishable from her deepest fears about a document with which she has had a long and complicated relationship.” The content of the play is implicitly shaped by the state of the nation in which it lives; Schreck notes that the percentage of votes in favor of abolishing the constitution during the Kavanaugh hearings rose dramatically during the time of his trial.  The Supreme Court on Monday ruled in a 5-4 decision against a death row inmate in Missouri who claimed that his execution by lethal injection would cause him "severe harm and suffering" because he suffers from a rare disease. Russell Bucklew's challenge marked the first major death penalty case that was argued since Justice Brett Kavanaugh replaced Justice Anthony Kennedy. Last spring, Kennedy voted with the court's four liberals to put the execution on hold. While the Supreme Court has broadly upheld death by lethal injection, lawyers for Bucklew argued that in his particular case, the disease, called cavernous hemangioma, is progressive and causes an "unstable blood-filled tumor to grow in his head, neck and throat," and they concluded that if he were to undergo lethal injection he could suffer from prolonged suffocation.