A Swedish royal family, as closely related to a head of state, has been able to be identified as existent from as early as the 10th century A.D., with more precise detail added during the two or three centuries that followed. An exceptional case is that of Saint Bridget (1303–1373) who outside of Sweden became known as the Princess of Nericia, a title which appears to have been a noble, rather than a royal one, since she was not the daughter of a king. Historically confirmed monarchs are listed officially by the Swedish Royal Court.  A year ago, historians held their breath as archaeologist Jo Appleby painstakingly dusted centuries of dirt and debris from the curved spine and staved-in skull of a skeleton uncovered under a parking lot in the English city of Leicester. The story of the long-lost king buried beneath a car park made headlines around the world -- but 12 months on, excitement has given way to anger, as enthusiasts and experts argue over what should happen to Richard III's remains. The once-missing monarch -- best known as the Shakespearean villain accused of murdering his nephews, the Princes in the Tower, to take the throne -- faces one final battle before he can be left to rest in peace: the increasingly bitter fight over where his bones (minus his feet, lost at some point during the past 500 years) will be interred. The judge in the case, Mr. Justice Haddon-Cave has even gone so far as to plead with all concerned "to avoid embarking on the (legal) Wars of the Roses, part two," warning that such legal wrangling would be "unseemly, undignified and unedifying," and urging them to call in an independent panel of experts to rule on the burial.  Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, made her first public appearance Friday alongside her husband, Prince William, just over a month after she gave birth to Prince George. The two spoke to members of the public at the start of the 131-mile Ring O' Fire coastal ultramarathon in Anglesey, Wales, where the family lives. Catherine, looking relaxed and in casual dress, was not carrying her son, who's third in line to the British throne. The world got its first glimpse of George since he left the hospital in family photographs released earlier this month.