 National Security Advisor Susan Rice on Monday defended the state visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping to the White House saying it would be "dangerous" if the United States did not engage with China. "I know that some people question why we host China at all. That's a dangerous and short-sighted view," Susan Rice told an audience at George Washington University on Monday. "If we sought to punish China by canceling meetings or refusing to engage them, we would only be punishing ourselves," she added.  House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, an outspoken critic of human rights violations in China, unleashed her criticism of the country as President Barack Obama hosted the Chinese president in Washington on Friday. "Just because China is a big economy and because we have a big relationship doesn't mean that the challenge to our conscience, that the behavior toward dissidents, religious dissidents, all kinds of dissidents -- if we don't speak out against that in China, we lose all moral authority to speak out it in any other country that is not so large in its economy and such an important relationship to us," Pelosi said Friday in an interview with CNN's Jake Tapper. Pelosi also avoided directly criticizing Obama when asked, in a "State of the Union" interview set to air in full on Sunday, whether she was disappointed in the red carpet treatment Chinese President Xi Jinping is enjoying during his visit to Washington -- a visit that includes a lavish state dinner at the White House Friday night. Pelosi declined an invitation to attend the state dinner, with her office citing a previously scheduled commitment.  A high-wattage collection of Hollywood studio chiefs and technology big-wigs convened at the White House Friday for a state dinner in honor of Chinese President Xi Jinping, even as cybertheft of American trade secrets remains a major point of contention between Washington and Beijing. The White House invited marquee names from Silicon Valley, including Apple CEO Tim Cook and Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, to sit at the dinner's head table alongside President Barack Obama and President Xi. Disney CEO Bob Iger and DreamWorks chief Jeffrey Katzenberg were also seated at the President's side. The four CEOs lead companies doing billions of dollars of business in China -- with the exception of Zuckerberg, whose Facebook is officially banned in the country.