 House Speaker Paul Ryan downplayed the prospects of his Thursday meeting with Donald Trump leading to a big political breakthrough in a round of interviews on Tuesday, but stressed his focus is unifying a fractured Republican Party. "I don't go into Thursday with huge expectations other than just to have the kind of conversation that we need to start having so that we are getting ourselves on the same page as a party," Ryan told radio host Stan Milam of WBEL radio, which broadcasts in his hometown of Janesville, Wisconsin. But some GOP members are fuming that Ryan's airing of his high profile concerns about Trump aren't helping unifying the party, but instead making the split worse. The speaker surprised many, including Trump, last week when he said in an interview with CNN's Jake Tapper that he wasn't yet ready to endorse Trump, who became the GOP presumptive nominee after a convincing victory in the Indiana primary.  Rank-and-file House Republicans are urging Speaker Paul Ryan to get behind presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump, warning his resistance could lead to the party fracturing rather than uniting if he withholds his endorsement. "It makes it harder to unite," said Rep. Raul Labrador, an Idaho Republican and leader within the conservative House Freedom Caucus. Nevada Rep. Mark Amodei was incredulous about the speaker's high profile break with Trump last week, saying, "Ryan goes out on CNN and says it's Donald Trump's duty to unite the party," asking, "So Mr. Speaker, what's your job regarding unity?" House Republicans met with Ryan Wednesday morning for the first time since the speaker told CNN's Jake Tapper he was not yet ready to endorse the presumptive nominee.  Donald Trump said Tuesday he is looking forward to an upcoming meeting with House Speaker Paul Ryan this week, striking a positive tone ahead of a sit-down aimed at uniting a fractured Republican Party. "I look very much forward to meeting w/Paul Ryan & the GOP Party Leadership on Thurs in DC. Together, we will beat the Dems at all levels!" Trump tweeted.