 U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power on Monday sought to quash any doubts over the United States' continued commitment to a strong alliance with Israel, amid tensions over Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's plans to address Congress on Tuesday. Power directly addressed the controversy swirling around Netanyahu's visit to Washington, downplaying talk of tensions between the U.S and Israel and insisting that the U.S.-Israel relationship "transcends politics." Her remarks came at the American-Israel Public Affairs Committee's annual, high-profile conference, just moments before Netanyahu took over the podium.  Though U.S.-Israeli relations are under significant strain given the controversy surrounding Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's address to Congress, the bond seemed as unshaken as ever at the annual policy conference of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee on Monday. READ: Obama attacks Netanyahu's credibility ahead of speech Netanyahu kicked off Monday's events by telling the record-setting crowd — nearly 16,000 pro-Israel activists and others signed up for this year's event — that "you're here to tell the world that our alliance is stronger than ever." And those roaming the halls, hitting breakout sessions on everything from Israel's growing energy industry to Israel's support for the LGBT community, seemed to agree, asserting that despite the recent controversies they had faith in President Barack Obama to act in the best interest of both countries. CNN chatted with AIPACers on Monday to gauge the temperature of the pro-Israel lobby at a time of unprecedented uncertainty for the Jewish state.  Secretary of State John Kerry escalated the war of words between the U.S. and Israel on Wednesday, questioning Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's judgment on Iran and using the Iraq war to slam the Israeli leader's record. Kerry's comments come amidst increasing discord between the Obama administration and the Israeli government as the U.S. tries to forge a nuclear deal with Tehran. Netanyahu, in a move that has greatly displeased the White House, is expected to sound the alarm over Iran and negotiations underway in Geneva in an address to Congress next week. READ: Netanyahu says no to Dem meeting: 'Misperception of partisanship' Kerry told a House committee the prime minister "may have a judgment that just may not be correct here."