 After two primary rounds, dozens of debates and thousands of hours grinding it out on the stump, Mitt Romney and his campaign reached the top of Republican Party presidential politics and found themselves focusing on a new topic: him. Having spent the past week pumping up Romney the man, Republicans post-convention understand that they back a nominee viewed at times as aloof and whose guarded characteristics seem hard wired. If history is a guide, building on the Republican convention effort to push "likability" will be as important to the nominee's success in November as trying to convince voters that he can put more people to work and lift a sagging economy. After nearly six years running for president, most voters knew who Romney was.  Mitt Romney delivered the defining speech of his life when he accepted the Republican nomination for president last night. Romney shared personal anecdotes and aimed at President Obama’s last four years in office in the attempt to win over undecided and Independent voters and allow the American public the opportunity to get to know him. CNN Contributor and Contributing Editor of The Daily Beast/Newsweek David Frum joins Soledad O’Brien in Tampa to break down Romney’s big speech. His speech “did exactly what Mitt Romney needed to do,” Frum says.  By Halimah Abdullah and Allison Brennan, CNN Tampa (CNN) -- Paul Ryan symbolizes for many Republicans of his generation a passing of the torch and a call to embrace the Reagan-era principles that appealed so strongly to young voters in the 1980s. The Wisconsin congressman evoked both when he took the stage on Wednesday night and delivered a prime-time acceptance speech at the Republican National Convention that skewered what the GOP sees as President Barack Obama's failed economic policies. With Ryan, 42, holding down the No. 2 spot, the ticket hopes to strengthen his Generation X demographic ahead of November and broaden the campaign's appeal to a wealth of younger voters, a much more challenging prospect.