Famous for the series, much of it in TV Iraq, the official in 1988 since the broadcast of the first episode it has attracted the attention and follow-up to the Iraqis to him and not miss it for several reasons, including introduction, singing beautiful "Introduction beautiful lyrics" (song: shjaha Al-nnas) (What Happened to People) voice of Kazem El Saher (in his beginning of career), one of the words Karim Al-Iraqi and composed by Jaafar Al-Khaffaf and the playing band Ra'ad George. And the story of the series interesting marked by many puzzles that made the viewer sympathize with the Star of the series just (Hassan Hosni) in addition to the performance of some of the stars of representation in Iraq, including the first appearance and strong artist Amel Senan Star of the series, as passed by us, and share the tournament director and actor known Iraqi Hassan Hosni and everything miniseries make it work competently and still firmly in the memory of the viewer Iraq despite the passage of about 30 years on display for the first time. Baghdad (; Arabic: بغداد‎  (listen)) is the capital of Iraq and the second-largest city in the Arab world. Located along the Tigris River, the city was founded in the 8th century and became the capital of the Abbasid Caliphate. Within a short time of its inception, Baghdad evolved into a significant cultural, commercial, and intellectual center of the Muslim world. This, in addition to housing several key academic institutions, including the House of Wisdom, as well as hosting a multiethnic and multireligious environment, garnered the city a worldwide reputation as the "Centre of Learning". Nadia is an Iraqi TV series, consisting of eighteen episodes, directed by Salah Karam and starring Iraqi actors Hassan Hosni and Amel Senan. Adel (Hosni) falls deeply in love with a girl he meets - he learns she is prone to sudden and mystifying disappearances, seemingly at random. Adding to Adel's growing confusion, everyone around him, including his family and closest friends, steadfastly deny the very existence of any such girl in his life, insisting, sometimes forcefully, that she is a mere figment of his infatuation, a projection by his damaged psyche of the idealized woman. Following the events of the series and the revelation of a complex conspiracy, seemingly organized by the owner of the hotel where the conspirators meet and plot (played by Iraqi artist Wajeeh Abdul-Ghani), Adel's 'idealized projection' reveals her name to be 'Nadia'.