San Francisco, officially City and County of San Francisco and colloquially known as SF, Frisco, or The City, is the cultural, commercial, and financial center of Northern California. San Francisco is the 15th-most populous city in the United States, and the fourth-most populous in California, with 883,305 residents as of 2018. It covers an area of about 46.89 square miles (121.4 km2), mostly at the north end of the San Francisco Peninsula in the San Francisco Bay Area, making it the second most densely populated large U.S. city, and the fifth-most densely populated U.S. county, behind only four of the five New York City boroughs. San Francisco is the 12th-largest metropolitan statistical area in the United States by population, with 4.7 million people, and the 4th-largest by economic output, with GDP of $549 billion in 2018. Northern California (colloquially known as NorCal; Spanish: Norte de California) is the northern portion of the U.S. state of California. Spanning the state's northernmost 48 counties, its main population centers include the San Francisco Bay Area (anchored by the cities of San Jose, San Francisco, and Oakland), the Greater Sacramento area (anchored by the state capital Sacramento), and the Metropolitan Fresno area (anchored by the city of Fresno). Northern California also contains redwood forests, along with the Sierra Nevada, including Yosemite Valley and part of Lake Tahoe, Mount Shasta (the second-highest peak in the Cascade Range after Mount Rainier in Washington), and most of the Central Valley, one of the world's most productive agricultural regions. The 48-county definition is not used for the Northern California Megaregion, one of the 11 megaregions of the United States.  Soda drinkers in San Francisco, consider yourselves warned. The city is on its way to becoming the first in the nation to pass a law requiring health warnings on all advertisements for sugary drinks, putting soda in the same category as alcohol and tobacco. The San Francisco board of supervisors on Tuesday approved an ordinance requiring beverage companies to place labels on advertisements for soda and other drinks warning consumers that they contribute to obesity, diabetes and tooth decay. It also bans advertising of sugary drinks on city-owned property and prohibits city agencies from buying the beverages.