 The Umpqua Community College shooting has raised questions about the number of guns in the U.S. But data on this subject are unreliable. Here's why: U.S. law explicitly prohibits law enforcement agencies from collecting or releasing statistics that could provide an accurate picture of gun ownership. The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives is barred from releasing gun traces to the public and can't require gun dealers to turn over inventories. Obama called for gun control measures in the aftermath of several mass shootings, but was unable to pass a major bill. In 2009, Obama discussed reinstating the Federal Assault Weapons Ban, but did not make a strong push to pass it through Congress at that time. Following the December 2012 Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting, Obama outlined a series of sweeping gun control proposals, urging Congress to reintroduce an expired ban on "military-style" assault weapons, impose limits on ammunition magazines to 10 rounds, introduce background checks on all gun sales, pass a ban on possession and sale of armor-piercing bullets, introduce harsher penalties for gun-traffickers, and approve the appointment of the head of the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives for the first time since 2006. Senators Joe Manchin (D-WV) and Pat Toomey (R-PA) attempted to pass a more limited gun control measure that would have expanded background checks, but the bill was blocked in the Senate.  The latest American mass shooting -- this time, at an Oregon college -- offered a grim reminder for Joe Biden: How little has changed since Sandy Hook. "Unfortunately," Biden said Thursday night, "this has been happening far too often." As vice president, Biden has been the point man on a series of initiatives, but few assignments have been as emotionally searing as leading the committee on gun violence in the wake of the massacre at the elementary school in Newtown, Connecticut. He spent hours in the corridors of the Capitol, pushing lawmakers to support legislation to expand background checks.