 Former Democratic National Committee interim chair Donna Brazile, in newly released excerpts of her forthcoming book, alleges that an unethical agreement was signed between Hillary Clinton's 2016 presidential campaign and the DNC to keep the party financially afloat. Bernie Sanders' 2016 campaign also signed its own joint fundraising agreement with the DNC. In excerpts from "Hacks: The Inside Story of the Break-ins and Breakdowns that Put Donald Trump in the White House," published in Politico, Brazile writes the DNC was rigged in Clinton's favor because her campaign was largely financing the party early on in the presidential election. Brazile's comments rip a scab off a wound that plagued the Democratic Party during last year's primary and charge the Clinton campaign with impropriety.  Donna Brazile, the former interim Democratic National Committee chair, wrote in her new memoir that she considered pushing for the removal of Hillary Clinton from the 2016 ticket and replacing her with then-Vice President Joe Biden, according to a report published Saturday. The Washington Post, which obtained an advanced copy of her memoir, reported that Brazile wrote that Clinton's campaign was "anemic" and had taken on "the odor of failure." The explosive revelations drag Democrats back into the ugly infighting and divisiveness that plagued the party during the 2016 primary. Brazile, despite being a longtime party official with deep ties to Clinton, uses her book to torch Clinton and her campaign by blasting the candidate as someone who couldn't inspire enthusiasm, a key issue Clinton was forced to deal with during her general election fight against Trump.  Sen. Elizabeth Warren said she believes that the Democratic National Committee was "rigged" in favor of former Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton during the 2016 primary. Asked Thursday by CNN's Jake Tapper whether she believes that the Democratic campaign organization was tipped in favor of Clinton over her primary opponent, independent Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, Warren responded without hesitation: "Yes." "We learned today from the former Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Donna Brazile that the Clinton campaign, in her view, did rig the presidential nominating process by entering into an agreement to control day-to-day operations at the DNC," Tapper said, continuing on to describe specific arms of the DNC the Clinton camp had a say over, including strategy and staffing, noting that the agreement was "entered into in August of 2015," months before Clinton won the nomination. Warren called that "a real problem."