 Justice Department special counsel Robert Mueller is investigating President Donald Trump for obstruction of justice, The Washington Post reported Wednesday evening. Mueller is interviewing as early as this week three top intelligence officials as part of the probe, the Post reported, citing "five people briefed on the requests." The three officials the Post says Mueller is interviewing are Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats, National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers and Richard Ledgett, the recently retired deputy NSA director. Coats will also meet with members of the Senate intelligence committee Thursday, one week after his tense grilling by the panel, according to a committee source.  Shortly after Robert Mueller was named special counsel in the federal Russia investigation, lawmakers speculated that the congressional probes may be sidelined by the forceful new presence. One month later, nobody wants to stop -- and the stream of testimony and possible new avenues of investigation means nobody will. Attorney General Jeff Sessions, his deputy and the FBI director they helped fire all appeared in dramatic congressional hearings this past week to talk about President Donald Trump. The ex-FBI chief, James Comey, last week outlined awkward meetings with Trump and said the President made him uncomfortable discussing the investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn.  President Donald Trump interviewed Robert Mueller as a potential replacement for fired FBI Director James Comey the day before the former FBI director was named special counsel, a White House official said Tuesday. The official, who would not detail what the two discussed during the interview, said it took place on May 16. If Mueller knew he was going to be named special counsel, it is unlikely he divulged that information to Trump. CNN has reported at the time that the White House was given only a brief heads up that Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein was naming Mueller to oversee Russian interference in the 2016 election and potential collusion from Trump's campaign associates.