They need above all money, to carry out mercy missions and to meet conservation emergencies by buying land where wildlife treasures are threatened, and in many other ways. Money, for example, to pay guardians of wildlife refuges .... Money for education and propaganda among those who would care and help if only they understood. Money to send out experts to danger spots and to train more local wardens and helpers in Africa and elsewhere. Money to maintain a sort of 'war room' at the international headquarters of conservation, showing where the danger spots are and making it possible to ensure that their needs are met before it is too late.  President-elect Trump has vowed to make health care great again, but Americans are almost evenly divided over whether he can deliver on that promise. Just over half of those surveyed by the Kaiser Family Foundation said they were "not too confident" or "not at all confident" that Americans will get better health care at a lower cost under a Trump administration, according to a new tracking poll released Friday by the non-partisan research group. Only 19% said they were very confident the incoming president would fulfill his promise, while 29% said they were somewhat confident. Trump and Congressional Republicans are taking their first steps to repeal Obamacare, which they have long blasted as being too expensive.  Laura Vianelo remembers the stories of young Cuban migrants who "threw themselves at the sea," only to die in a desperate attempt to set foot on American soil. So, she applauded the Obama administration's abrupt end to the longstanding policy, known as "wet foot, dry foot," by which the US sent back Cubans intercepted at sea but allowed those who reached land to stay. The policy encouraged Cubans to risk their lives to seek freedom and enter the US without a visa to become permanent residents, Vianelo said. "It is now up to the new generation, the young Cubans, to liberate themselves from communism the way it's supposed to be done, from inside Cuba," Vianelo said.