 The Department of Justice on Thursday defended Attorney General William Barr's summary of special counsel Robert Mueller's confidential report after two newspapers said Mueller's investigators felt Barr didn't properly convey how damaging their findings were for President Donald Trump. A Justice Department spokeswoman said "every page" of Mueller's nearly 400-page report provided to Barr on March 22 was flagged as potentially containing material covered under a law that protects confidential grand jury information and "therefore could not be publicly released." "Given the extraordinary public interest in the matter, the Attorney General decided to release the report's bottom-line findings and his conclusions immediately — without attempting to summarize the report — with the understanding that the report itself would be released after the redaction process," Justice Department spokeswoman Kerri Kupec said in a statement. Kupec said the department is continuing to work with the special counsel on "appropriate redactions to the report so that it can be released to Congress and the public."  Several investigators on Robert Mueller's team have expressed frustration to people outside the special counsel about the way the investigation findings were summarized by Attorney General Bill Barr in his letter Congress, according to sources familiar with the conversations. In particular, some investigators felt the letter did not adequately describe how the investigation of obstruction included derogatory information about President Donald Trump's actions, according to one of the sources. Barr's letter obliquely referenced evidence on both sides of the issue, but did not explain it further. In addition, there has been frustration on the team that the Justice Department has helped shape the public perception of the report but the special counsel cannot address discrepancies between the summary and the actual findings, according to another source familiar with the matter.  For the first time since the end of special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election, Attorney General William Barr faced questions on Capitol Hill regarding his handling of Mueller's findings, when he plans to release the report and how he will handle the issue of redacted information. Barr was loath to provide many details other than to say that the Justice Department planned to release the redacted report in the next week. But in not answering some of the more pointed questions asked by House Democrats, Barr did reveal some important information that moves our understanding of not only the Mueller report but of his handling of it. Below, the key takeaways from Barr's testimony.