 Vice President Mike Pence will try to leave behind a White House in tumult when he arrives in Europe Friday, but he's likely to be dogged by the recent events that have thrown the Trump administration into disarray. Though he is seeking to reassure key allies such as Germany of US resolve on Russia and other issues that have rattled Western leaders, he himself faces questions about how much he's been looped in on President Donald Trump's thinking on the Kremlin. On Monday, Trump ousted his national security adviser, Michael Flynn, for misleading Pence about his conversations with the Russian ambassador. Pence, who had previously gone on television and repeated Flynn's prevarications, only discovered he was misinformed last Friday -- a full two weeks after Trump himself learned the Justice Department was looking into the matter.  When President Donald Trump and President Vladimir Putin shared a phone call the weekend after Trump's inauguration, Russian news media delighted in covering every detail in near wall-to-wall coverage. The optimism in Russia since Trump's victory has at times seemed tangible. So how extraordinary, then, that Trump's remarkable 75-minute press conference has been barely mentioned on Russian television. Further to this, a Kremlin spokesman said Friday that Russia had "more important things" to do that watch the Trump event on Thursday. As Trump's defense team prepared to begin their statements the next day, Sekulow told reporters that during their statements Democrats had "kicked the door down" on Burisma and the Bidens, and that his team planned to respond. The Washington Post reported that the Trump team planned a scorched-earth defense by targeting the Bidens in an effort to both sway senators in the trial and undercut Trump's political opponent. Lindsey Graham stated his opposition to subpoenaing either Biden even if other witnesses are called, because he does not want the trial to interfere with the 2020 presidential election; but stated his support of a separate investigation.