 Asiana Airlines said it is paying $10,000 to each of the passengers aboard Flight 214, which crashed in San Francisco last month. "It is separate to medical compensation," spokeswoman Lee Hyo-min told CNN on Monday. She said even those who were not injured can receive payment. The spokeswoman added that passengers who collect the money "can still sue us."  Serial entrepreneur and billionaire Elon Musk unveiled design plans for his Hyperloop -- a superfast transport system that could cut the travel time from Los Angeles to San Francisco to 30 minutes, and cost a fraction of the currently proposed high speed rail project. Musk, a co-founder of PayPal and the man behind commercial space transport firm Space-X and electric car maker Tesla, said up to 1,000 employees from both Tesla and Space X worked to come up with the idea, which is basically an elevated tube that moves travel pods at nearly the speed of sound. In a technical paper published Monday, Musk said his idea is similar to the "old pneumatic tubes used to send mail and packages within and between buildings," but would operate under much less pressure to save on energy. The cars would be pushed or pulled through the tube by a series of electric motors, possibly similar to the ones used by the Tesla Model S. Each car would be mounted with a fan in front to move the air out of the way.  Michael Jackson's ex-wife Debbie Rowe is set to testify in the AEG Live wrongful death trial Wednesday, lawyers for the concert promoter said Monday. Rowe is expected to be questioned about Jackson's drug use during the 1990s when she traveled with him, married him and bore his two oldest children. She will be called as the next witness in the Los Angeles courtroom after an economics expert concludes his testimony about the financial support Jackson would have provided his mother and three children had he not died four years ago. Jackson's youngest brother made an unsuccessful effort to reach the singer in his last weeks because of family concerns about his drug use, according to testimony Friday.