Woods joined Exxon in 1992. He had worked for Exxon for 24 years prior to being promoted to CEO following Rex Tillerson's nomination by President Donald Trump to be the next United States Secretary of State. While his predecessor was involved in dealmaking and exploration, Woods is a veteran of the refining side of the oil business. Prior to becoming CEO, Woods ran the refining and chemical divisions of the company, which delivered the majority of ExxonMobil's $7.8 billion net income in 2016.  Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told lawmakers on Tuesday that the current US policy of diplomatic engagement with Cuba, put in place by the Obama administration, financially benefits the Cuban government and doesn't comply with US laws. Tillerson's remarks come as the Trump administration is conducting an interagency review of its Cuba policy, which is expected to result in a roll back of some Obama-era changes. President Donald Trump is expected to reveal his administration's new policy toward Cuba in a speech in Miami on Friday, two US officials told CNN over the weekend. In his testimony, Tillerson described a dichotomy between the "sunny" and "dark" sides of the US-Cuba relationship -- the first of which promotes economic development and access to information in Cuba, while the latter provides revenue for the authoritarian regime, which inherently benefits from any influx of cash on the communist island. In March 2017, Robert Jervis of Columbia University wrote that Tillerson "had little impact on the Trump administration so far" and that his influence would continue to wane. That same month, William Inboden of the University of Texas at Austin defended Tillerson, saying that he deserves more time. Daniel W. Drezner of the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University was highly critical of Tillerson, calling him an "unmitigated disaster", and "the most incompetent Secretary of State in modern history." Elliot Cohen of Johns Hopkins University said that Tillerson might be one of the weakest Secretaries of State in American history.