 Hillary Clinton -- joined by her husband, Bill, and their daughter, Chelsea -- campaigned a final time with President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama Monday night, in front of tens of thousands of supporters before the historic Independence Hall in Philadelphia. The group celebrated the history Obama made eight years ago, as the first African-American to win the White House, and expressed optimism that the next day Clinton will make a different kind of history as the first woman to be elected to the highest office. Still hours away from Tuesday morning when polls would open on the East Coast, Obama issued an urgent warning in what would be one of his final and most importance speeches as president. Live election coverage "The choice you face when you step into that voting booth could not be more clear or could not be more serious," Obama said, moments before the Liberty Bell rang out to mark a new hour.  President Barack Obama welcomed President-elect Donald Trump to the White House Thursday, as both men put past antagonisms aside in a time-honored ritual epitomizing the peaceful transfer of political power. Three days after mocking Trump as unfit to control the codes needed to launch nuclear weapons, Obama told his successor that he wanted him to succeed and would do everything he could to ensure a smooth transition. Trump, who spent years pursuing Obama over false claims he is not a natural-born American and accused him of being the founder of ISIS on the campaign trail, called Obama a "very good man" and said he would seek his counsel in future. The extraordinary meeting was a reflection of the swift and sudden change in the political mood between the frenzied last days of an election campaign and the reality of government and the transition of power between two administrations that follows.  It was a look we haven't seen from the man who has been the constant focus of media attention for more than 30 years. Donald Trump appeared wan, if not a bit shocked, as he sat with President Barack Obama in the Oval Office on  Thursday. Aides told The New York Times that their man was truly surprised by the success of the get-out-the-angry-voter campaign that won him the presidency. In Washington, Trump and Obama discussed the upcoming transfer of power and the awesome responsibility of the office.