 President Donald Trump now says Robert Mueller acted honorably in the Russia investigation -- a change of tune from the man who had at one time called the special counsel disgraced and discredited. Asked during Monday's White House meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu whether Mueller acted honorably, Trump replied: "Yes, he did." The comment follows Friday's submission of Mueller's report into Russian interference in the 2016 election to Attorney General Bill Barr. According to Barr's summary of the report, Mueller did not establish that Trump campaign associates colluded with Russians to influence the outcome of the election.  Robert Mueller's investigation into Russia's interference in the 2016 election is over. Its main conclusion is a very good one for President Donald Trump: Mueller found that neither Trump nor anyone in his campaign conspired or coordinated with the Russian government to help him win the election, according to Attorney General Bill Barr's assessment of the Mueller report. Barr's conclusion that not enough evidence existed to charge Trump with obstruction of justice in the investigation is less fulsome, as Mueller noted that his findings "do not exonerate" Trump fully on that question. In short: We know a hell of a lot more about what Mueller found -- and what it all means for Trump and the country -- than we did a week ago.  President Donald Trump spent the last 18-plus months attacking the investigation into Russian interference and the possibility of collusion between his campaign and the Russians. On Sunday, that same investigation, led by special counsel Robert Mueller, gave Trump something he wanted -- and needed badly: A dismissal on the question of collusion and no charges of obstruction against either the President or his team. "The special counsel's investigation did not find that the Trump campaign or anyone associated with it conspired or coordinated with Russia in its efforts to influence the 2016 U.S. Presidential Election," read a summary of Mueller's conclusions by Attorney General William Barr sent to Congress on Sunday afternoon. On the question of obstruction, Mueller, according to Barr, was less conclusive.