In September 2016, Trump Jr. cited Holocaust imagery to criticize what he perceived as the mainstream media's seemingly uncritical coverage of Hillary Clinton during her campaign, by "letting her slide on every discrepancy", while also accusing Democrats involved in the 2016 campaign of lying. Trump Jr. said if the Republicans were committing the same offences mainstream outlets would be "... warming up the gas chamber right now." Also that month, Trump Jr. shared an image on Instagram depicting a cross between his father and Pepe the Frog. When asked on Good Morning America about Pepe the Frog and its associations with white supremacy, Trump Jr. said he had never heard of Pepe the Frog and thought it was just a "frog with a wig".  The week after a parade of Cabinet-level officials released statements denying their involvement in an anonymous New York Times op-ed attributed to a Trump administration official, a high-profile surrogate made an appearance on a network morning show to defend the President: his eldest son. Calling the anonymous writer's screed "disgusting" and "pretty sad," Donald Trump Jr. told ABC's "Good Morning America" that the circle of trusted aides within the West Wing walls is shrinking. "I think there are people in there he can trust. It's a much smaller group," Trump said in an interview that aired Tuesday morning. The White House "beat" concept that had been started during the Cleveland administration by reporter William Price was continued during the McKinley administration. Around the time of the outbreak of the Spanish–American War in 1898, the reporters covering the White House were invited into the mansion itself and provided with space to write, conduct interviews, and generally cover the White House. Now reporting from inside the White House, the reporters used their new location to interview guests entering or leaving the White House or confirm pieces of information from the president's secretaries as they passed through in the course of their duties. Reporters working in the White House did, however, honor an unspoken rule and refrain from asking the president himself a question if he happened to walk through their working area.