 White House counsel Don McGahn's attorney did not give President Donald Trump's lawyers a full accounting of McGahn's interviews with the special counsel's team, a person familiar with the matter tells CNN. Trump's attorneys did not ask for a complete debriefing, the person said. During his three interviews with special counsel Robert Mueller's team, McGahn did not provide information that would be incriminating to the President, a source told CNN. The New York Times first reported Sunday that Trump's legal team does not know the extent to which McGahn has been cooperating with special counsel Robert Mueller.  Two courtroom decisions within minutes of each other, each with eight convictions, against President Donald Trump's former personal lawyer and campaign chairman engulfed Capitol Hill on Tuesday, where Republicans downplayed the connection of both cases to the White House while Democrats seized on the President's potential role and raised the prospect that he could have broken the law, too. The guilty plea from Trump's longtime personal lawyer Michael Cohen and the guilty verdicts against Paul Manafort once again scrambled the narrative for the President and special counsel Robert Mueller, prompting dueling reactions from senators peppered with questions about the latest developments. "If Manafort and Cohen did things that (they) shouldn't have done, which it sounds like they did, I think they ought to be held responsible for it but I don't see any of this having anything to do with the President and Russia," Republican Sen. John Cornyn of Texas told reporters. "My expectation is that Mr. Mueller knows the lay of the land.  White House press secretary Sarah Sanders maintained Wednesday that President Donald Trump "did nothing wrong" relating to the hush money payments made to women who claimed affairs with him during the 2016 campaign. "As the President has said and we've stated many times, he did nothing wrong. There are no charges against him and we've commented on it extensively," Sanders said. "Just because Michael Cohen made a plea deal, doesn't implicate the President on anything."