In April 2009, three months after the Bushes left office, Martha Gore wrote an op-ed piece titled "Laura Bush: A First Lady who made America proud", where she positively assessed Bush's role as First Lady and expressed Bush's successes were rooted in the dignity she brought to the office despite her reserved style as well as her making a good role model for young women and representing American womanhood at its finest. Gore concluded, "Now that Ms. Bush has returned to private life, she will continue to be remembered as a First Lady who did America proud." A 2014 poll which asked who was the most popular First Lady in the past 25 years found Bush ranked in fourth place (out of 4 candidates), behind Hillary Clinton, mother-in-law Barbara and direct successor Michelle Obama.  Microsoft is calling on the Trump administration to change a "zero tolerance" immigration policy that is separating families at the US-Mexico border. The company took a stand this week after it was scrutinized for its working relationship with US Immigration and Customs Enforcement, an agency that is enforcing the policy. ICE uses Microsoft's cloud software Azure. "I want to be clear: Microsoft is not working with the U.S. government on any projects related to separating children from their families at the border," said CEO Satya Nadella in an email obtained by CNN to Microsoft employees on Wednesday. Bush continued to remain involved and concerned over the state of women in Afghanistan, speaking out editorials and appearances during 2013 that the women and girls who had been helped could not be abandoned during and after the planned withdrawal of U.S. troops from Afghanistan. In March 2016, Bush wrote an op-ed for The Washington Post on changes occurring among women in Afghanistan while noting continued violence and calling for American involvement in Afghanistan to be consistent and predictable in continuing along with the international community "to provide significant development assistance in the areas of health care, entrepreneurship and education". In June 2016, Bush stated that she hoped the US remained in Afghanistan and had consulted with women there who feared the departure of American troops would create "a vacuum" similar to Iraq, furthering that the US "would have to start all over again" in the event that they withdrew troops. In late 2017, Bush and First Lady of Afghanistan Rula Ghani traveled to Washington to rally lawmaker support for Afghanistan and women there.