 Police in Ukraine are investigating the possible surveillance of former US Ambassador Marie Yovanovitch, the country's Interior Ministry announced Thursday. The criminal investigation into possible spying on Yovanovitch is in response to the US House Intelligence Committee's publication of notes suggesting she was illegally spied on in Ukraine, the ministry said. Texts released earlier this week by House Democrats that were turned over to them by indicted Rudy Giuliani associate Lev Parnas show Connecticut Republican congressional candidate Robert Hyde berating Yovanovitch and suggest he was monitoring her while she was in Kiev and relaying her movements to Parnas. Hyde declined to comment to CNN when asked if he had surveilled Yovanovitch, who served as a key witness in the House impeachment probe into President Donald Trump.  Former US Ambassador to Ukraine Marie Yovanovitch on Tuesday called for an investigation into the "disturbing" notion that she was under surveillance from associates of the President's personal lawyer, Rudy Giuliani. With the release of texts turned over to House investigators by indicted Giuliani associate Lev Parnas, Yovanovitch has once again been ensnared at the heart of the still-widening scandal that has already resulted in the impeachment of President Donald Trump. And once again, the diplomatic community is rallying to support her -- expressing outrage over her treatment. The texts released by the House Democrats Tuesday show Connecticut Republican congressional candidate Robert Hyde berating Yovanovitch and suggest he was monitoring her while she was in Kiev and relaying her movements to Parnas.  Secretary of State Mike Pompeo maintained a persistent silence for more than 48 hours after stunning new evidence emerged suggesting the former ambassador to Ukraine may have been illegally surveilled before she was forced out of her job by President Donald Trump. Pompeo finally addressed the matter on Friday morning in an interview with conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt saying that, "to the best of (his) recollection," he was not aware that former US Ambassador to Ukraine Marie Yovanovitch may have been monitored at the behest of associates of the President's personal lawyer Rudy Giuliani. "Until this story broke, I had, to the best of my recollection, had never heard of this at all," Pompeo told "The Hugh Hewitt Show." Pompeo also denied knowing indicted Giuliani associate Lev Parnas, who provided the texts that suggested the possible monitoring of Yovanovitch.