 Florida Sen. Marco Rubio says he won't wait his turn to run for president because there's no time for the outdated ideas of politicians from "yesterday." In other words: Move over, grandma and grandpa. The youngest candidate in the 2016 field made the most explicit case yet that the 67-year-old Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton's time has passed -- a point the other first-term Republican senators in the race, Ted Cruz and Rand Paul, have also pressed in their own ways. READ: Rubio announces presidential bid "This election is a generational choice about what kind of country we will be," Rubio said Monday night as he kicked off his bid for the White House.  Hillary Clinton is trying to win voters over a half-dozen at a time — and so far, it's working. The former secretary of state's campaign rolled into New Hampshire on Monday, where her second trip since entering the 2016 race for the White House mimicked the look and feel of her first visit, to Iowa last week — right down to road-tripping from New York in her black "Scooby" van. The similarities are intentional: Clinton's campaign is banking that small roundtable gatherings and controlled meetings at bakeries and coffee shops will help reintroduce someone who has been a public figure since the 90s and who at times has struggled to connect with voters. RELATED: Hillary Clinton's no-frills campaign Clinton sat down with six New Hampshire employees of Whitney Brothers, a 104-year-old children furniture company in rural southwestern New Hampshire, and fielded questions on issues ranging from small business policy — the subject of her Iowa visit — to less-predictable topics like Social Security and substance abuse.  Hillary Clinton has made it official: She is running for president again. That's no surprise to anyone, especially the reporters on the "Hillary beat" who have been covering her like a candidate. The New York Times was particularly early out of the gate. The paper shifted reporter Amy Chozick to its politics team to cover Clinton in the summer of 2013 -- 649 days before Clinton's announcement on Sunday.