 Republicans on Capitol Hill rallied around a familiar political slogan for the better part of the last seven years: "Repeal Obamacare." They're finally leaving that chant behind -- at least for now. GOP senators were forced to acknowledge on Tuesday that their eleventh hour push to repeal the Affordable Care Act had failed. For the second time in two months, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell publicly conceded that he could not find 50 senators who would support partisan legislation to overhaul the Affordable Care Act, made all the more painful by the reality that Republicans control both chambers of Congress and the White House.  The collapse Tuesday of Senate Republican efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act caps a brutal stretch for Mitch McConnell. The Senate majority leader is facing withering criticism from President Donald Trump -- who described him as "unpopular" -- and many conservative Republicans who blame him for failing to accomplish the party's top legislative goal despite years of promises and months of negotiations. "We haven't given up on changing the American health care system, we are not going to be able to do that this week," a disappointed McConnell told reporters, as time ticked toward a deadline at the end of the month when the GOP will lose the ability to pass an Obamacare repeal bill on a party-line vote. The difficult decision to pull a second major repeal bill came the same day the veteran Kentucky Republican faced two other thorny political challenges.  The Senate will not vote on the Graham-Cassidy bill to repeal Obamacare, Republican leaders announced Tuesday, dealing a devastating blow to President Donald Trump and GOP lawmakers who tried to make a last-ditch attempt to deliver on the party's years-long campaign promise. Majority Leader Mitch McConnell announced the decision at a lunch with fellow Republicans on Capitol Hill, conceding what had become clear Monday night: They didn't have the votes. "We haven't given up on changing the American health care system. We are not going to be able to do that this week," McConnell told reporters Tuesday.