 It is one of Mitt Romney's favorite selling points. Romney often notes that as governor of Massachusetts, he worked with a mostly Democratic legislature to tackle his state's problems. "It did not take a rocket scientist to figure out if I was going to do anything as governor, I had to have a working relationship with the Democrats," Romney said at a campaign event last year in Nashua, New Hampshire. But inside the Massachusetts State House, down the hallway from Romney's official portrait that hangs inside the governor's office, longtime lawmakers on both sides of the aisle remember a more CEO-style leader.  Presumptive GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney picked up more ammo in his quest for the White House, sweeping primaries in Montana, New Jersey, New Mexico, South Dakota and California on Tuesday night. Though he had already won enough delegates --  1,144 -- to clinch the Republican presidential nomination by last week, Romney technically remains the presumptive nominee until the party's convention in August. While the big political story of the night was Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker's victory of a recall vote, Congressional candidates duked it out in New Jersey, New Mexico and California, where redistricting forced some incumbents to battle one another.  In dueling speeches that sought to frame the economic debate for their election showdown in November, President Barack Obama and Mitt Romney on Thursday offered differing visions for how to restore strong growth while telling separate Ohio crowds that the other's policies have failed. The president and the former Massachusetts governor both emphasized particular themes of community in their campaign speeches in a battleground state hit hard by the 2008 recession and its aftermath. Romney, speaking at a factory in the Cincinnati area minutes before Obama's speech in Cleveland, focused on what he called the president's failure to deliver promised economic growth so far in his first term. "Talk is cheap," Romney, the certain Republican nominee, said of the incumbent Democratic president.