"You see, I have already dedicated two earthly majesties symphonies, one to poor King Ludwig and another to our illustrious, dear Emperor as the highest earthly majesty whom I recognize, and now I dedicate to the majesty of all majesties, Dear God, I hope that he will give me so much time to complete it and, hopefully, graciously accept my gift. For this reason too, I will bring the alleluia of the second movement to a conclusion in the final movement, so that the symphony ends with a song of praise and praise to the Dear God, to whom I owe so much... Then he sat down at the piano and played with trembling hands, but correctly and with full force. Often I have regretted that I am not so musically educated that I can replay or write down what I have heard, for then I would have been quite able to sketch the end of the Ninth Symphony. Since he was quite weak at that time, I often asked him to write down the symphony in the main thoughts, but he was unable to do so. The curse of the ninth is a superstition connected with the history of classical music. In essence, it is the belief that a ninth symphony is destined to be a composer's last; i.e. that the composer will be fated to die while or after writing it, or before completing a tenth. To those who give credence to the notion, a composer who produces a ninth symphony has reached a decisive landmark, and to then embark on a tenth is a challenge to fate. The difficulties with this analysis are obvious. From Mahler's point of view, the only important victim of any "curse of the ninth" (Mahler is not known to have used the term) would have been Ludwig van Beethoven. Even Anton Bruckner (with whom Mahler had been closely associated) fails to qualify: Bruckner died before completing the work that is now played as his (unfinished) "Ninth Symphony", with the result that his symphonic total is eight if only the completed canonical works are counted – and ten if the list includes the early Study Symphony in F minor and the D minor Symphony now known as "No. 0" – both of them withdrawn by the composer.