 Hillary Clinton cast President Donald Trump as hypocritical Friday, arguing that while he uses pictures of children killed in gas attacks to justify airstrikes in Syria, he at the same time shuts the door on refugees from the country. The remarks, at a political event in Texas, come as Clinton reemerges on the political scene months after losing the 2016 presidential election to Trump, who authorized airstrikes in Syria on Thursday after blaming Syrian President Bashar al-Assad for a chemical attack in a rebel-controlled town in the war-torn country. "It is essential that the world does more to deter Assad from committing future murderous atrocities," Clinton said. "But the action taken last night needs to be followed by a broader strategy to end Syria's civil war."  White House press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters Tuesday that a gas attack in a rebel-controlled area of Syria was perpetrated by the forces tied to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and are a "consequence of the past administration's weakness and irresolution." Multiple activist groups in Syria tell CNN that dozens of people, including children, were killed in one of the deadliest suspected gas attacks in years. The activists have also blamed the attack in the rebel-held city of Khan Sheikhoun on Assad. A US intelligence official said the attack reportedly killed 58 people, including 11 children.  Russia has challenged US President Donald Trump to set out his strategy on Syria after he said an apparent chemical weapons attack had transformed his views on President Bashar al-Assad's regime. Trump, who has previously argued against removing Assad from power, said the attack on a rebel-held town in Syria's Idlib province was a "heinous" act that "crossed a lot of lines for me." The President has not offered any details of how US strategy on Syria would change -- but he did tell some members of Congress that he's considering military action in Syria in retaliation for Tuesday's chemical attack, a source familiar with the calls told CNN on Thursday. The Joint Chiefs of Staff held a quickly called meeting in the office of the chairman, Marine Gen. Joseph Dunford, on Thursday afternoon and were briefed on the military options regarding Syria, a US military official told CNN.