Loughlin and her husband were among 50 individuals charged by the FBI and U.S. Attorney's Office on March 12, 2019, in a large-scale nationwide college entrance exam cheating scandal. The indictment against the couple alleged that they had paid $500,000, disguised as a donation to the Key Worldwide Foundation, in order that the University of Southern California's (USC's) admissions committee would be led to believe that their two daughters would be joining the school's women's rowing team if admitted, when in fact neither young woman had ever trained in the sport and had no plans to do so. In 2018, according to an indictment by the United States Government, Giannulli posed for a photo on an ergometer rowing machine. The photo was later submitted as part of her application to the University of Southern California (USC) with the implication she was a competitive rower, though she was not and had no interest in becoming one. At the same time, it is alleged, her parents paid $500,000 in bribes to a coach at the university to designate her and her older sister Isabella as athletic prospects for the team, enabling them to gain admission to the school. According to the federal criminal complaint against her father, Olivia Jade was confused about how to complete the USC application, and an employee of the alleged conspiracy's ringleader ultimately had to fill it out on her behalf. On October 22, 2019, federal prosecutors said Loughlin is now facing additional charges in the college admissions cheating scandal. U.S. Attorney Andrew Lelling said, Loughlin is now being charged with conspiring "to commit federal program bribery by bribing employees of the University of Southern California (USC) to facilitate their children’s admission. In exchange for the bribes, employees of the university allegedly designated the defendants’ children as athletic recruits – with little or no regard for their athletic abilities – or as members of other favored admissions categories." Loughlin and her husband are now scheduled to go on trial in October.