 President Barack Obama and Republican challenger Mitt Romney step into a more free-wheeling town-hall style debate on Tuesday night, a setting that has given the two coolly intellectual candidates some trouble in the past. Both will have to recalibrate their approaches from their first encounter on Oct. 3, which was won by Romney. "I think Obama assumes he will do better in town hall debates because he has an advantage on empathy," said Emory University political science professor Andra Gillespie, adding that Obama is going to have to "show a little more passion and fire in his belly." Five things to watch for in tonight's debate Romney could be less aggressive, which earned him points in the first debate, and focus more on trying to narrow the likability gap.  CNN chief political correspondent Candy Crowley will moderate the second presidential debate, to be held Tuesday at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, the first woman to do so in two decades. Crowley, host of CNN's "State of the Union," was asked about the town hall format, her role, her expectations for how she'll manage the face-off between President Barack Obama and Republican challenger Mitt Romney, and her feelings about being selected for the honor. You can ask Crowley about her experience through iReport. CNN: Does a town hall debate present unique challenges and opportunities for the candidates because it's not your normal debate behind a podium? On February 26, 2011, Hofstra Senior Day, the university retired the basketball jersey number 22 to honor senior Charles Jenkins before the end of the season. Jenkins, the school's all-time leading scorer, ranked fifth in the nation at 23.3 points per game last season (as of 22 February 2011) and was the front-runner to win Colonial Athletic Association Player of the Year honors. "I think it's very rare," head coach Mo Cassara said by phone to reporter Jeff Eisenberg. "We have 25 other athletes that have had their numbers retired here at Hofstra, but none of them have ever been retired while they were still here at their last games.