 More Americans now say that climate change is a real threat to themselves and others, following a trend of mounting public concern around global warming. That's according to a climate report released Tuesday by researchers at Yale University and George Mason University that tracked public opinions about climate change in a nationwide survey last year. Researchers at those universities have surveyed adults across the United States about their thoughts on climate change since 2008 and released the survey findings in an annual climate report. In the new report, about 3 in 10, or 29%, of survey respondents said they are "very worried" about global warming, marking the highest level since the surveys began in 2008.  Why do the country's politicians seem incapable of finding a compromise to reopen the federal government? Here's an idea from recent polls. Overall, 58% of Americans oppose expanding the wall along the border of Mexico, while 40% favor it. Among those who favor the wall, 72% said it would be unacceptable to pass a bill that doesn't include funding for the wall if it ends the shutdown and 27% said that would be OK to do that, according to a Pew Research Center poll out last week.  As the partial government shutdown nears the one-month mark, there have been a number of public opinion polls examining how the public feels about the shutdown, which was sparked by a funding standoff over President Donald Trump's proposal for a new wall along the border with Mexico. Six high-quality polls have been released this week touching on Trump, the shutdown, the Democrats in Congress and the wall. Most confirmed what we already knew from before the shutdown started: Opposition to a border wall is widespread and deep. But beyond that general opposition, the new polls offer some consistent results, including: Blame, in the public's mind, rests largely at the White House Many object to the shutdown, especially as a tactic to build the wall, Few see a wall as an effective way to combat undocumented immigration.