In the comic book and television mediums, Glenn is murdered by Negan, who uses his infamous barbwire bat "Lucille" to repeatedly bash his head in to a pulp as his wife and friends watch horrified, and helplessly after being captured by the Saviors. There is a difference in how his death occurs: In the comic books, after being forced to their knees, Glenn was revealed to be the victim chosen outright to die. However, Abraham Ford received this fate on TV in the episode "The Day Will Come When You Won't Be." Glenn was still killed off in the same episode, with his demise being a result of Daryl Dixon disobeying Negan's rules. In the episode "Self Help," on their journey to DC, the bus crashes and the survivors face multiple walker problems including a herd consisting of thousands which Abraham tries to insist they go through despite Glenn attempting to reason with him. Eugene reveals he crashed the bus and admits that he lied about the cure, Glenn is stunned by the revelation and Abraham reacts in rage and violently punches Eugene and Glenn and Rosita try to stop him as they attempt to wake up Eugene. In the episode "Crossed," Glenn, Tara and Rosita bond as Maggie watches over Eugene and Abraham, as Eugene is unconscious after his beating and Abraham is unresponsive. In the mid-season finale "Coda," the group return to the church to discover Beth is alive and at Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta. In the mid-season premiere "What Happened and What's Going On," two weeks after Beth's death the group is heading to Richmond, Virginia to find Noah's refuge following Rick's desire to fulfill Beth's last wish. However Glenn is doubtful that Noah's sanctuary is still there and his suspicions are proven true as they find the sanctuary in ruin and he and Rick start debating the logic in searching, and Beth's fate at Dawn's hand. Rick states he knew Dawn didn't mean to do it but would have killed her anyway if Daryl hadn't and Glenn noted that it wouldn't make a difference, making Michonne concerned about them debating killing someone makes her want to stop running and find a place to live. She later presses this when they find walker limbs, cut up, and insists on Washington again but Glenn is doubtful as Eugene was lying but Rick decides to take a chance.