 The expected departure of Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein is a massive moment in the ongoing Justice Department investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election and will spawn a series of equally large reverberations in political Washington. Rosenstein's expected departure comes just 72 hours after The New York Times reported that the deputy attorney general -- and the man overseeing the special counsel probe of Robert Mueller due to the recusal of Attorney General Jeff Sessions -- had suggested wearing a wire to record President Donald Trump and even contemplated organizing an effort to invoke the 25th Amendment to remove Trump from office. Rosenstein denied the story -- and said, via a statement, that he did not currently think the 25th Amendment applied to Trump. Under pressure from the White House, Rosenstein issued a more fulsome statement of denial Friday night.  With Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein possibly on his way out, a fresh round of uncertainty has been injected into the Russia investigation, and it could take a while for things to settle down. Rosenstein will meet with President Donald Trump on Thursday amid questions about his fate in the administration after The New York Times reported he secretly suggested recording the President and weighed forcibly removing him from office. But once -- or if -- he leaves the Justice Department, someone else will assume the responsibilities of overseeing special counsel Robert Mueller and his sweeping investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election. Typically, a special counsel would answer to Attorney General Jeff Sessions.  The staggering revelations of memos documenting Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein's discussions of surreptitiously recording President Donald Trump and of the 25th Amendment raised fresh questions Friday about the eight-day stretch between the time former FBI Director James Comey was fired last year and Robert Mueller was appointed as special counsel to lead the Russia investigation. A vastly complex and somewhat divergent picture of key moments during that time has emerged based on what sources familiar with the events tell CNN. Mistrust At the time of Comey's dramatic firing on May 9, 2017, Rosenstein, a career prosecutor, had only recently started his tenure as the No. 2 official at the Justice Department.