Henry R. Schrader (played by Dean Norris) is Walt and Skyler's brother-in-law and Marie's husband, who works as a U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) agent. He is involved in investigating a meth dealer known as "Heisenberg," unaware for over a year that his prey is actually Walter. Hank has a cavalier exterior, but in reality the dark side of his job affects him more than he cares to admit. In the course of his work, Hank is promoted to El Paso, Texas from Albuquerque for a short time but experiences a traumatic event and moves back to Albuquerque. Mike Ehrmantraut (played by Jonathan Banks) is a former Philadelphia police officer who works for Gus—and, on occasion, Saul—as a private investigator, head of security, cleaner, and hit man. In the Better Call Saul episode "Gloves Off", it is implied that Mike is a Marine Corps veteran of the Vietnam War. His reasons for leaving the Philadelphia police are never specified during Breaking Bad, but given his story to Walt about missing a chance to kill an abusive perpetrator who eventually murdered a victim Mike was trying to help, and Hank's refusal to bring up the reason for Mike's departure from the police, it is implied that Mike decided to take revenge against the abuser, which resulted in Mike's departure. As a result, one of the lessons Mike employed in his criminal activities was to not take "half measures." Jane's death manifests significant repercussions throughout the rest of the series, and is largely responsible for Jesse's downward spiral throughout the first half of the third season, as well as her father Donald's deep depression that affects him to the point that he fails in his duties as an air-traffic controller, leading to a mid-air collision between a 737 and a King Air 350 ("ABQ"). In the episode "Fly", while under the influence of sleeping pills, Walt is tormented by his guilt over his inaction towards Jane; he reveals to Jesse that on the same night she died he unknowingly met her father in a bar (only knowing it was him after seeing him in the news following the plane crash), then questions the statistical improbability of that sequence of events, but stops shy of revealing his involvement. Walt finally reveals to Jesse the full measure of his role in Jane's death in the series' ante-penultimate episode, "Ozymandias", as a final blow after he ordered Jack to kill him, deeming him responsible for Hank's death and for the loss of his fortune.