 North Korea state media reported Monday that leader Kim Jong Un and US President Donald Trump will discuss denuclearization and establishing a "durable peace-keeping mechanism" on the Korean Peninsula during their historic summit on Tuesday. Kim and Trump arrived in Singapore on Sunday to allow time to prepare for their meeting, the first-ever between a sitting US President and North Korean leader and one that North Korea hopes will forge new relations between the two countries. "Great to be in Singapore, excitement in the air," Trump tweeted Monday morning. Security is tight throughout Singapore, with armed police roaming the streets and motorcades of the international delegations bringing traffic to a standstill.  President Donald Trump is prizing his deal-making intuition over intensive preparations as he gears up for his summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un next week. "It's about attitude," Trump said Thursday in the Oval Office sitting alongside Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, who flew to Washington aiming to help prepare Trump for the summit. As the North Korean summit nears, the President's top advisers on North Korea have provided him with briefings on rogue nation's nuclear program and the US intelligence community's assessments of the North Korean leader Trump will face in Singapore next week. But they have also worried that Trump has not sufficiently internalized that information and is instead eager to head into the first meeting between a sitting US president and North Korean leader by relying on his intuition.  When President Donald Trump sits down with North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un for the first time, they will be alone -- save for a pair of interpreters. US and North Korean officials were still meeting on the eve of the summit in an effort to bridge the gap between the two countries on how to substantively achieve North Korean denuclearization. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said the delegations were "rapidly" making progress, but it will come down to the meeting between the two leaders. "Tomorrow we will get our clearest indication to date of whether Chairman Kim Jong Un truly shares this vision," Pompeo said.