 Even after the technical issues with HealthCare.gov are fixed, the Obamacare site will still experience "glitches," President Obama said Thursday. Some of those are technical, and others reflect the complexity of buying health insurance. "Buying health insurance is never going to be like buying a song on iTunes," he said. Obama was outlining a policy fix that would allow some people whose insurance plans expire next year to keep those plans, but also addressed his administration's pledge to have the error-plagued website running for the majority of users by later this month. The White House "beat" concept that had been started during the Cleveland administration by reporter William Price was continued during the McKinley administration. Around the time of the outbreak of the Spanish–American War in 1898, the reporters covering the White House were invited into the mansion itself and provided with space to write, conduct interviews, and generally cover the White House. Now reporting from inside the White House, the reporters used their new location to interview guests entering or leaving the White House or confirm pieces of information from the president's secretaries as they passed through in the course of their duties. Reporters working in the White House did, however, honor an unspoken rule and refrain from asking the president himself a question if he happened to walk through their working area.  Once the Obamacare fiasco dust settles, it only seems natural. Even if President Barack Obama likes the team at the helm of his second term, he will probably not be able to keep it. Obama is expected by former administration officials to soon make a course correction in his administration to address the glaring mistakes made in the roll-out of the Affordable Care Act. "I think they're going to have to hold somebody accountable for the botched roll-out and the website not working --somebody at HHS or a group of people," said Robert Gibbs, Obama's press secretary during his first term, on NBC's "Today" show on Monday.