During an October 2019 Hearthstone Grandmasters streaming event in Taiwan, one player Ng Wai Chung, going by his online alias "Blitzchung" used an interview period to show support for the protestors in the 2019 Hong Kong protests. Shortly afterwards, on October 7, 2019, Blitzchung was disqualified from the current tournament and forfeited his winnings to date, and banned for a one-year period. The two shoutcasters engaged in the interview were also penalized with similar bans. Blizzard justified the ban as from its Grandmasters tournament rules that prevents players from anything that "brings  into public disrepute, offends a portion or group of the public, or otherwise damages  image".  While the NBA has been trying to manage its relationship with China over the past few weeks, fans back home have served notice they're not to be ignored politically either. Going by the alias Sun, a Chinese-American NBA fan raised $43,000 in just over two days on GoFundMe to distribute 13,000 pro-Hong Kong T-shirts outside the Staples Center in Los Angeles before the league's opening night game between the Lakers and Clippers. Sun told CNN he chose to keep his identity hidden for reasons of "privacy and safety" for him and his family. The T-shirts were printed with the slogan "Fight for freedom, stand with Hong Kong," echoing the instigating tweet from Houston Rockets general manager Daryl Morey that was posted -- and quickly deleted -- on October 4.  Video game company Activision Blizzard suspended three American University esports players for six months after they held up a "Free Hong Kong, boycott Blizz" sign during their championship match last week. They now cannot compete in official or third-party Blizzard events. The three students were acting in solidarity with a Hong Kong player, Ng "blitzchung" Wai Chung, who was banned for six months by Blizzard and disqualified from the "Hearthstone" Grandmasters tournament last week after he shouted a pro-Hong Kong slogan. The company was met with outrage from gamers and calls for boycotts.