The Essential Barbra Streisand was given a perfect five star rating by AllMusic's William Ruhlmann. He felt that Streisand's discography had not been detailed well on her previous compilations and considered The Essential Barbra Streisand to be the best choice for fans not willing to purchase the expensive box set Just for the Record... (1992). Considering its comprehensiveness, Ruhlmann praised the album's inclusion of her eleven top ten hits and nearly all of her top 40 hits. Tom Santopietro, author of The Importance of Being Barbra: The Brilliant, Tumultuous Career of Barbra Streisand, was disappointed by Streisand's decision to release two greatest hits albums in the same year (the other being Duets). In 1964, Streisand became the first and only female artist to place three albums in the top 10 on Billboard's annual albums chart. Five Streisand albums appeared on the Billboard 200 album chart on October 31, 1964, Streisand held the record for the female with the most albums in the Top 200 simultaneously for nearly half a century, until Whitney Houston had ten albums place in the Billboard 200 chart at the same time after fans learned of her death. In 1982, "Memories" became the UK's best-selling album of the year, the first album by a female performer to achieve it. During March 5–19, 1977, Streisand became the first female singer to have a No. After years of largely ignoring Broadway and traditional pop music in favor of more contemporary material, Streisand returned to her musical-theater roots with 1985's The Broadway Album, which was unexpectedly successful, holding the coveted No. 1 Billboard position for three straight weeks, and being certified quadruple platinum. The album featured tunes by Rodgers and Hammerstein, George Gershwin, Jerome Kern, and Stephen Sondheim, who was persuaded to rework some of his songs especially for this recording. The Broadway Album was met with acclaim, including a Grammy nomination for album of the year and handed Streisand her eighth Grammy as Best Female Vocalist.