 They're calling each other losers and liars, mocking one another's accomplishments and questioning each other's character. In South Carolina, the Republican presidential primary is turning into the nastiest kind of political war. Days out from the GOP primary contest here on Saturday, the party's top White House contenders have turned on each other in the most vicious way yet, leveling relentless attacks in stump speeches, media interviews, political ads and on social media. The political attacks will likely intensify in the coming days as several candidates attempt to catch up to Donald Trump and Ted Cruz in the state.  Three's a crowd. A trio of candidates for the Republican presidential nomination took their turns at CNN's town hall in Greenville, South Carolina, but the truth is that tonight, at least, only one of them deserved to be there. That would be Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, who won the Iowa caucuses and is polling second in South Carolina's primary that's taking place Saturday. Were this not such an extraordinarily volatile year in Republican presidential politics -- thanks to Donald Trump -- it is likely that both Sen. Marco Rubio and Dr. Ben Carson would have ended their campaigns by now.  Ted Cruz is facing a fresh, intense and public wave of criticism about his campaign strategy from some of his highest-profile supporters, a backlash that comes as he prepares for the biggest day of his political life: Super Tuesday and its slew of Southern primary states. The cry from surrogates, fundraisers and operatives close to the campaign is simple: be the strong conservative you are and execute an abrasive, scorched-earth campaign battle against Donald Trump. "Stop telling us how much you like Trump personally," Iowa radio personality Steve Deace, one of the most visible Cruz surrogates and a man Cruz credited from the stage at his victory party, wrote in a Conservative Review op-ed. "That's typical GOP unity speech, and people don't want typical GOP unity speech.