 President Barack Obama on Tuesday eased his rhetoric on the Supreme Court's upcoming ruling on health care reform but repeated his belief that the justices should follow legal precedent and uphold the law's constitutionality. His remarks in response to a question at a media luncheon followed criticism by conservatives that the president had leveled a political salvo at the high court a day earlier when commenting on last week's hearings on the 2010 Affordable Care and Prevention Act. On Monday, Obama said a Supreme Court ruling overturning the law passed by Congress would amount to the kind of "judicial activism" that conservative commentators oppose. The comment prompted Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell, R-Kentucky, to complain that Obama had tried to influence the outcome of the case and demonstrated "a fundamental lack of respect for our system of checks and balances."  President Barack Obama weighed in Monday on last week's Supreme Court arguments about health care reform, saying he expected the justices to rule the act is constitutional. "In accordance with precedents out there, it is constitutional," Obama said of the 2010 Affordable Care and Prevention Act passed by congressional Democrats with no Republican support. "That's not just my opinion, by the way, that's the opinion of legal experts across the ideological spectrum, including two very conservative appellate court justices that said this wasn't even a close case." At a joint news conference with visiting leaders from Mexico and Canada, Obama was asked about the three days of high court hearings last week and subsequent speculation that conservative justices would rule against the health care law's individual mandate, which requires people to have coverage or pay a fine.  In one of the most anticipated Supreme Court hearings in years, the justices on Tuesday offered sharply divided views on the controversial individual mandate provision at the heart of the 2010 federal health care reform law. The fate of the individual mandate -- requiring most Americans to purchase health insurance by 2014 or face a financial penalty -- may be in jeopardy, and perhaps with it the entire law's other 450 or so sections, based on tough questions of the government by the court's conservative majority. Jeffrey Toobin, CNN's senior legal analyst, said questions asked at oral arguments often show how justices are thinking, and based on what he heard Tuesday, the health care reform law could be in "grave danger." Neither the justices nor the lawyers arguing before them mentioned "Obamacare"-- as opponents have labeled the law pushed through Congress by Democrats and President Barack Obama -- or the president by name.