 U.S. Secret Service Director Julia Pierson called an incident in which a man scaled a fence and entered the White House "unacceptable" and told a congressional committee Tuesday that she takes "full responsibility." Omar Gonzalez, a 42-year-old knife-wielding Iraq war veteran, entered an unlocked door to the executive mansion, Pierson told the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, which grilled her on the September 19 security breach. A federal grand jury on Tuesday indicted Gonzalez on three separate federal and District of Columbia charges that could carry a maximum of 17 years in prison. His first court appearance is expected Wednesday in Washington.  Testimony given by the director of the embattled U.S. Secret Service on Tuesday appears to conflict with the news that broke hours after Julia Pierson's testimony -- that a private security contractor with a gun shared an elevator with President Obama, in violation of protocol, during his trip to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta two weeks ago. In her testimony before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Pierson said she is responsible for briefing the President whenever there is a serious breach of his or his family's security. When asked how many times she had to take such action in 2014, she said it was only after the September 19 incident in which a man armed with a knife jumped the White House fence and made it into the mansion's East Room. Not long after the hearing adjourned, the Washington Examiner and then the Washington Post reported the incident in Atlanta on September 16.  Julia Pierson, the first female director of the Secret Service, resigned Wednesday in the aftermath of a fence-jumper gaining access to the White House on September 19 and a subsequent congressional inquiry uncovering other security lapses. Homeland Security Director Jeh Johnson announced the resignation in a statement. He also announced that the Department of Homeland Security would take over an internal inquiry of the Secret Service and that he would appoint of a new panel to review security at the White House. Joseph Clancy, formerly a special agent in charge of the Presidential Protective Division of the Secret Service, was named interim director, Johnson said in his statement.