 Sen. Lindsey Graham introduced legislation Wednesday that would, in part, change the current asylum process in an attempt to stem the flow of migrants arriving at the southern border. The legislation would change the system in three substantial ways: It would require migrants seeking asylum to apply at a consulate or embassy in their home country or in Mexico, instead of at the southern border; it would increase the amount of time that migrant children could stay in custody from 20 days to 100 days; and make it easier for officials to deport unaccompanied minors to Central America. The measure also calls for 500 new immigration judges to chip away at the massive immigration court backlog. Taken together, Graham, the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, said in a press conference, "then, the incentives created by our laws will cease to exist."  Participants at a meeting between Republican senators and White House senior advisers Jared Kushner and Stephen Miller found the President's advisers' proposal to revamp the US legal immigration system to be lacking in substance, according to a senior GOP official familiar with the presentation. "I think folks in the room were underwhelmed" with the "whole plan" presented by Kushner and Miller, the official told CNN. A senior administration official pushed back on the criticism of the White House's presentation at the Tuesday GOP Senate briefing in which Kushner and Miller presented ideas under consideration by the White House to reform the nation's legal immigration system. "The characterization that Kushner didn't know the subject matter is wrong on many accounts," the official said.  Photos obtained exclusively by CNN show migrants at the McAllen, Texas, Border Patrol station over the weekend, many of whom are children, sleeping on the ground on rocks and covered by Mylar blankets. A baby bottle filled with milk can be seen in one photo next to a child sleeping outside on dirt, and in another, a woman is seen sitting on rocks leaning against a wall clutching a child. In others, migrants are seen seemingly wandering the premises, which has four temporary tents to accommodate the swell of migrants approaching the US-Mexico border. One photo shows an agent holding a megaphone in a sea of migrants outside of the station.