 South Carolina Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham on Sunday urged Democrats to sign onto an authorization to use military force against North Korea as a precautionary measure in case Pyongyang and Washington fail to reach a diplomatic agreement during next week's summit in Singapore. On ABC's "This Week," Graham asked his Democratic colleagues, "If diplomacy fails, will you support my efforts to authorize the use of military force as a last resort to convince North Korea and China that things are going to be different this time?" Graham made the remarks after saying he agreed with Democrats' demands in letter to President Donald Trump that any nuclear agreement meet several standards, including requiring North Korea to denuclearize, scrap its ballistic missile program and allow robust inspections, before any easing of sanctions. "A bipartisan AUMF would really make that letter much more credible, and if diplomacy fails, as a last resort, Democrats and Republicans need to put the military option on the table or we'll never get a good deal," added Graham, who sits on the Senate Armed Services Committee.  Harry Harris, the Trump administration's nominee to be ambassador to South Korea, said North Korea continues to be a nuclear threat and that major military exercises should be paused to give Kim Jong Un a chance to prove whether he is "serious." President Donald Trump announced in Singapore that the US would suspend "war games" with South Korea and Japan, taking Seoul, Tokyo, lawmakers and parts of the US military by surprise. "In my previous capacity, I spoke very strongly about the need to continue military exercises, most notably in 2017," Harris said at his nomination hearing before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on Thursday. But he noted that, "we were in a different place in 2017.  Secretary of State Mike Pompeo reiterated US calls for North Korea to completely rid itself of all remnants of its nuclear weapons program before international sanctions are lifted on the pariah nation. Speaking in a series of Thursday interviews with journalists from Asian countries that lie in close proximity to North Korea, Pompeo said that would include any possible clandestine sites unknown to those outside North Korea. "I don't want to get too far into the details, but when you think about complete denuclearization, it would certainly be all of their sites, not just those that have been declared," Pompeo said in an interview Friday with YTN, a South Korean TV network. "So we've got to make sure that it's complete."