 Democratic primary rivals Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders agreed to disagree during Tuesday's primary debate on the contents of a private 2018 dinner conversation, punctuating a growing tension between the two leading 2020 progressives over whether Sanders had told Warren that a woman could not win during a discussion about the 2020 election. After Sanders again denied having made the remark Tuesday night, Warren -- who has confirmed what four sources told CNN about the meeting -- stood by her account and again said that she "disagreed" with Sanders' assessment before pivoting to an argument underscoring the electoral prowess of the female candidates on the debate stage. "But look, this question about whether or not a woman can be president has been raised and it's time for us to attack it head-on," Warren said. "I think the best way to talk about who can win is by looking at people's winning record.  Caution ruled the night of the final Democratic presidential debate before the Iowa caucuses. There were some clashes on stage, but the generally careful approach from the four candidates that sit atop the Iowa polls -- former Vice President Joe Biden, former South Bend, Indiana, Mayor Pete Buttigieg, Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders and Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren -- suggested they all believe they have paths to victory and weren't eager to change the race's course so close to the first real test of 2020. The CNN/Des Moines Register debate's most memorable moment might have come from Warren, who, in a direct pitch for her electability, made the case that a woman is best suited to beat Trump in 2020. Warren and Sanders, after trying to de-escalate their ongoing feud on stage during the debate, appeared to have a tense moment as candidates exited the stage.  Elizabeth Warren sought to "raise a concern" with Bernie Sanders during a tense onstage discussion immediately following Tuesday night's debate, according to Sanders campaign manager Faiz Shakir. Sanders said to Warren he would "talk about it later," Shakir told the Washington Post. But the Sanders campaign, which referred CNN to that description, would not comment any further. The Warren campaign has so far declined to address the content of the exchange.