 States along the East Coast were pummeled by post-tropical storm Sandy on Monday as it came crashing ashore. The storm officially made landfall along the coast of southern New Jersey, but it is affecting a much wider area. By Monday night, more than 2.8 million customers were without power across 11 states and the District of Columbia, according to the latest CNN estimate. At least 11 people have died. Jesse manages to sneak on board the Botany Bay to steal a sample of the spear guns that are used to shoot the whales and discovers that the whalers are heading back out to go after Willy and his pod, using an audio recording of a song which Jesse plays on his harmonica as a lure for Willy, who won't realize that it's not Jesse until it's too late. Jesse's boss plans to call for help the next day, but knowing it will be too late then, Jesse, Randolph and one of their fellow researchers, Drew, steal the Noah research boat from her mooring and go after the whalers themselves. Max manages to buy them a little time by jumping into the water and forcing the whalers to pause their pursuit of the whales to perform a "man overboard" rescue for Max, which gives Jesse and his two companions enough time to catch up. John is angry because he learns that his son isn't on his side and believes that Max tried to sabotage the engine (Jesse had actually been the one who did this), but it doesn't stop him.  As storm-battered residents came to terms with the extent of the damage Tuesday, organizers of the New York City Marathon were trying to determine if flight cancellations, flooding and power outages would affect Sunday's race. "We are going to give everyone the time to get here and if they have to cancel, we will give them the chance to cancel up to Saturday," said Mary Wittenberg, president of New York Road Runners, which organizes the race. Wittenberg had declared Monday that "time is on our side" for the preparations, though she could not be reached for comment Tuesday after Superstorm Sandy barreled through the region. Superstorm Sandy breaks records As many as 2 million customers in the state of New York were without power Tuesday afternoon.