 For the record, I was pulling for Alfonso Cuaron's "Roma" to win a Best Picture Oscar to go along with the ones both he and the film had received Sunday night for Best Director, Best Foreign-Language Film and Best Cinematography. The fact that it was a Netflix-produced entry would have also been a signal that things had changed in Hollywood -- as much as Hollywood kept insisting it had throughout Sunday's broadcast. One way or another, you were led to believe that this Oscar Night was going to make history. For a while, it did. Typical criticism of the Academy Awards for Best Picture is that among the winners and nominees there is an over-representation of romantic historical epics, biographical dramas, romantic dramedies and family melodramas, most of which are released in the U.S. the last three months of the calendar year. The Oscars have been infamously known for selecting specific genres of movies to be awarded. This has led to the coining of the term 'Oscar bait', describing such movies. This has led at times to more specific criticisms that the Academy is disconnected from the audience, e.g., by favoring 'Oscar bait' over audience favorites, or favoring historical melodramas over critically acclaimed movies that depict current life issues.  People were not happy with some aspects of Sunday's Academy Awards. Over on social media, there were plenty of complaints about the best picture winner, "Green Book." The film chronicles the real-life relationship between piano virtuoso Dr. Donald Shirley, played by best supporting actor Oscar-winner Mahershala Ali and Tony Vallelonga, played by Viggo Mortensen, who served as his driver during a concert tour of the South in the 1960s. The movie dealt with a quite a bit of controversy, from Shirley's family complaining that it took too much creative license to Mortensen using the N-word during a post-screening discussion (he later apologized) to one of the film's writers, Nick Vallelonga (son of Tony Vallenlonga) issuing a mea culpa for a 2015 tweet that contained a false, Islamophobic statement.