 Members of President Donald Trump's own party are privately alarmed at his demeanor this week and his apparent lack of understanding of the consequences of his Syria policy, according to a Republican source familiar with a recent White House meeting. This comes as top congressional Republicans have publicly broken with the President in recent days over the administration's move to withdraw US forces from Syria, and after a contentious Wednesday meeting at the White House. A Republican source with knowledge of the meeting told CNN that participants were "shell-shocked" by the President's behavior adding, "Republican members were shaken by what they saw and heard" from Trump. The source went on to tell CNN that the President's conduct was unsettling. In December 2019, as two articles of impeachment against Trump moved to a vote before the full House and referral to the Senate for trial, Graham stated, "I am trying to give a pretty clear signal I have made up my mind. I'm not trying to pretend to be a fair juror here," adding "this thing will come to the Senate, and it will die quickly, and I will do everything I can to make it die quickly." Graham also announced: "I have disdain for the accusations and the process. So I don't need any witnesses" for the Senate trial.  Sen. Lindsey Graham and other congressional Republicans have slammed House Democrats for conducting their impeachment inquiry with depositions behind closed doors, but Republicans also used closed-door depositions during their impeachment inquiry of former President Bill Clinton two decades ago. Then-Rep. Lindsey Graham, at a November 1998 news conference one day after Special Prosecutor Ken Starr publicly testified before the House Judiciary Committee, praised the Judiciary panel's plans to hold depositions before conducting public hearings. Graham was a key Republican on the Judiciary Committee and was one of the House impeachment managers during the Senate trial that followed. Asked by a reporter in 1998 if he thought there would be hearings with "some of the principals," Graham said: "The depositions, I think, will determine whether or not we go forward with hearings.