During story discussions for John Wick, Reeves contacted Chad Stahelski and David Leitch, who he originally met on the set of The Matrix, to see if they were interested in choreographing or directing the action of the piece. Reeves admired Stahelski and Leitch's work performing, choreographing and coordinating, stating that, "When I got the script...I immediately thought of Chad and Dave for the action design, but I was secretly hoping they'd want to direct it." He then added, "I knew that they would love the genre and I knew that they would love John Wick. And I thought the worlds that get created – the real world and then this underworld – would be attractive to them, and it was." While films typically receive millions of dollars' worth of promotion, it was reported that Serenity's distributor, Aviron, spent very little on advertising following poor test screenings. This came even after the film's stars agreed to a full campaign "including a junket and as many late-night and daytime talk shows as would have them." Some sources told Deadline Hollywood that "maybe only nine spots aired in obscure locales and not in any time slots that would have helped create awareness for the film," and that the film's stars and director were misled about the amount of junket and late night interviews they would be able to participate in to promote the film. In response, Aviron said in a statement: "As much as we love this film and still hope it finds its audience, we tested and retested the film—with audiences and critics alike—and sadly, the data demonstrated that the film was not going to be able to perform at our initial expectations, so we adjusted our budget and marketing tactics accordingly." According to Chris Rock, the origins of Spiral: From The Book of Saw came from a chance meeting with the head of Lionsgate at a friend's wedding, and felt doing something in the horror genre would be a new avenue to take his career, though planned to include some comedic elements in the film. Rock approached Lionsgate with his ideas of extending the franchise, who became very interested in the concept. Lionsgate's CEO Joe Drake said that Rock's idea was "completely reverential to the legacy of the material while reinvigorating the brand with his wit, creative vision and passion for this classic horror franchise". By January 2018, industry rumors had said that Lionsgate had begun discussions of a ninth Saw film, for which The Spierig Brothers would not be returning.