 After a week of demonstrations nationwide, as well as calls for justice and an uproar over hoodies on Capitol Hill, the focus of the Trayvon Martin saga on Saturday will once again return to the Florida city where it all began. Thousands of activists are expected to turn out for a Saturday morning march to the headquarters of the Sanford Police Department, whose members have faced extensive criticism for not arresting the 17-year-old Martin's shooter, George Zimmerman. On February 26, Zimmerman has said, he killed Martin in self-defense in a gated community in that central Florida city. He told police that the teen punched him and slammed his head on the sidewalk before the fatal shooting, according to an Orlando Sentinel report that was later confirmed by Sanford police. In June, Martin's parents and members of the Second Chance on Shoot First campaign, delivered a petition with 340,000 signatures to the Citizen Safety and Protection task force asking for changes to the stand-your-ground law in Florida. Governor Rick Scott had established the task force after Martin's death to review and make recommendations about the law. Florida was the first state to pass a law that allowed an individual who felt threatened to stand his or her ground. Joëlle Anne Moreno, a former federal prosecutor, who was part of the task force said it was "clear that there was lots of confusion around the statute".  Trayvon Martin's parents will ask the U.S. Justice Department to review a local Florida prosecutor's interactions with police investigating the teen's shooting death, the family's lawyer said. The Justice Department launched an investigation into Martin's death on March 19, but the family is now asking it to look for possible interference by State's Attorney Norm Wolfinger's office with Sanford, Florida, Police Detective Chris Serino, attorney Ben Crump said. The Martin family will send a formal request to the Justice Department Monday, Crump told CNN Sunday. Martin, 17, was fatally shot by neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman, 28,  after Zimmerman called police to report him as a "suspicious" person on the evening of February 26.