 The House Oversight Committee on Wednesday announced it was launching a "wide-ranging" probe into the White House's handling of its security clearance process, kicking off one of the first high-profile investigations into the Trump administration by the new, Democratic-controlled chamber. In a letter sent by committee chairman Elijah Cummings of Maryland to White House counsel Pat Cipollone, Cummings requested a range of documents related to the security clearance process, writing that the investigation was in response to "grave breaches of national security at the highest levels of the Trump Administration, including by former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn and others." According to the letter, sent Wednesday morning, the goals of the investigation "are to determine why the White House and Transition Team appear to have disregarded established procedures for safeguarding classified information, evaluate the extent to which the nation's most highly guarded secrets were provided to officials who should not have had access to them, and develop reforms to remedy the flaws in current White House systems and practices." The White House did not immediately respond to CNN's request for comment.  White House adviser Jared Kushner was rejected for a security clearance by two White House security specialists after his FBI background check raised concerns, but their supervisor overruled them and approved Kushner's top secret clearance, NBC News reported Thursday, citing two sources familiar with the matter. CNN has not confirmed the report. On Wednesday, Democratic Rep. Elijah Cummings, Chairman of the Committee on Oversight and Reform, launched an investigation into the White House's security clearance process. "My request letter to the White House explicitly covers Mr. Kushner, and we expect the White House to produce all of the documents and interviews we requested to determine if tonight's breaking story is accurate," Cummings said in a statement Thursday after the NBC report. In February 2018, all White House staff holding interim Top Secret/SCI security clearances, including Kushner, were downgraded to Secret clearances, and Trump said that he would not intervene to grant Kushner a permanent security clearance. That day, White House sources said that part of the reason Kushner had not yet been granted permanent security clearance was that he was under investigation by Mueller.