 Combating climate change will prove to be a rebuttal of terrorist efforts, President Barack Obama declared at the opening of a major climate summit in Paris. "What greater rejection of those who would tear down our world than marshaling our best efforts to save it," Obama said Monday at the COP21 conference, being held at a highly secured site outside the French capital two weeks after ISIS terrorists carried out a bloody rampage. "We have come to Paris to show our resolve," Obama said, saying he offered condolences to the French people. Obama interspersed his climate message with meetings on fighting ISIS during his stay in Paris, which began with a midnight tribute outside the Bataclan nightclub, where ninety people died during the November 13 attacks.  China's special envoy on climate change, Xie Zhenhua, has defended the country's decision to build more coal-fired power plants ahead of a global climate summit in Paris next week. With two-thirds of its energy still generated by coal, China produces and consumes almost as much of the fossil fuel as the rest of the world combined. It's also China's biggest source of carbon emissions. According to Greenpeace, authorities have issued more than 150 permits to build new coal-fired power plants this year alone, despite the government's pledges to reduce China's dependence on fossil fuel.  With a major piece of his White House legacy at stake, President Barack Obama flies to Paris Sunday hoping to seal an historic climate accord in a city still rattled by terror attacks two weeks ago. Fallout from the November 13 ISIS rampage is set to assume an outsized portion of Obama's agenda in the French capital, where world leaders are convening a landmark summit on reducing carbon emissions. The attacks have lent the climate summit, known as COP21, an air of defiance. French President François Hollande said the United Nations conference, in the works for years and expected to draw upwards of 40,000 delegates and journalists, would bring "hope and solidarity" to a scarred city.