Weiss defended Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad against accusations of anti-Semitism. In March 2006, during an earlier visit to Iran, Weiss released a statement to Iran's official IRIB radio in which he stated that: "it is dangerous deviation to pretend that the Iranian president is anti-Jewish and anti-Semitic. He is extremely friendly and he understands the difference between the Zionists and the Jews who do not embrace the state of Israel." The statement added that they were "upset about the recent ploys, propaganda and tensions which have been created by the West regarding the statements of the Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad about a world free of Zionism, since this is nothing more than wishing for a better world dominated by peace and calm." The March–April 2012 parliamentary election has been described "as a contest between" Iran's Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei and president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, which hardliner supporters of Khamenei won, gaining a strong majority in parliament. Following the first round of elections Ahmadinejad was summoned to testify before parliament on issues such as his economic policies, his views on the obligatory Islamic head scarves for Iranian women and his relations with the supreme leader. It was the first time a president had been summoned before the Iranian parliament and one commentator (Thomas Erdbrink) described it as "a serious blow" to Ahmadinejad's "standing", though Ahmadinejad is said to have spent much of the session "deflecting lawmakers’ questions with jokes and mockery", and the whole incident is reported to have been a sign that Ahmadinejad's "dispute with Khamenei had been resolved," and there would be no impeachment of the president. Greenberg gained visibility when he clashed with Mahmoud Ahmadinejad over the Iranian president's denial of the Holocaust. On September 20, 2006, the Council on Foreign Relations hosted a small meeting of select council members with Ahmadinejad, who began by saying that we need to "continue studying" whether it happened. According to David E. Sanger, Chief Washington Correspondent for The New York Times, Greenberg listened for fifteen minutes while Ahmadinejad continued talking about the Palestinians, World War II, and if the Holocaust killings had happened at all. Sanger writes,"Then Hank Greenberg, who had been on a slow boil through the evening, spoke up.