 Editor's note: Watch In America's documentary about the race to capture the Latino vote on CNN in October 2012. By Rafael Romo, CNN Senior Latin American Affairs Editor Chihuahua, Mexico (CNN) -- In the town of Colonia Juarez, where houses look much like homes in the American Southwest, there lives a family named Romney. Mitt Romney’s great-grandfather led the first group of Mormons to the state of Chihuahua to flee religious persecution. Mitt Romney’s father George -- an auto executive, and Michigan governor who also ran for president in the United States -- was born nearby, in a town called Colonia Dublan.  With the release of his tax figures for the past two years, Republican presidential hopeful Mitt Romney may be hoping to move the political debate on to other matters. The documents reveal he made $42.7 million over the past two years and paid $6.2 million in taxes, with an effective federal income tax rate of just under 14%. But will the release of the figures do more to help him or harm him with American voters, many of whom are hurting in the long economic downturn, as he heads into Florida's primary and beyond? Romney's decision to make the figures public follows challenges to do so from rival Republicans -- among them former Speaker Newt Gingrich, who has released his tax figures -- and his own disappointing showing in the South Carolina primary.  After riding into South Carolina on a wave of seeming inevitability, Mitt Romney was dealt a series of blows here that culminated with a disappointing second-place finish in the state's high-stakes primary. Even before losing to Newt Gingrich by a large margin Saturday night, Romney's team began to look ahead to Florida, where the campaign hoped a big lead in fundraising and on-the-ground organization could  help him regain his momentum. In a speech to supporters here on Saturday, the former Massachusetts governor hit his rivals harder than in any other high-profile speech he has given this cycle. Romney takes a setback and second place in S.C. "We cannot defeat  with a candidate who has joined in that very assault on free enterprise," he said in a clear assault on Gingrich, who has criticized Romney's private sector experience at a private equity firm.