Bonet was fired from A Different World at the beginning of its second season, and Cosby re-hired her to appear on The Cosby Show's fifth season while A Different World underwent several changes in her absence. Robert E. Johnson of Jet reported that Bonet's cast mates happily welcomed her back to the series, with Cosby assuring her "there's nothing but love here for you". While struggling at first to determine the best way to approach the return of both Bonet and Denise, Cosby ultimately decided to incorporate some real-life experiences from his relationship with his own daughter Erinn who, similar to Denise, had dropped out of school in order "to find herself", into the character's re-introduction, which evolved into a storyline about children sometimes disappointing their parents but remaining loved by them regardless. Erinn attended Spelman College, the historically black institution upon which Hillman is based. While appearing on A Different World, Bonet married musician Lenny Kravitz in 1988 and became pregnant with their child soon afterward. Fearing how Cosby would react to the news based on previous experiences with on-set pregnancies, Bonet first consulted with producer Debbie Allen, who suggested that they approach Cosby about the pregnancy together. Allen suggested that Bonet's pregnancy be written into the series, explaining that it "would be a great thing. To see a girl who’s upper class kid, having a baby, not married because she didn’t want to be married…and the girls could root for her." However, some fans lamented Denise's departure. AfterEllen.com contributor Dana Piccoli found it difficult to continue enjoying A Different World without Bonet, expounding, "I hung on for a couple of seasons but my heart wasn’t in it with Bonet gone." Recognizing Denise's characterization on A Different World among 752 Things We Love to Hate (and Hate to Love) about TV, author Tara Ariano wrote that young female fans were generally unbothered by Bonet's tendency to "deliver her lines either in a monotone or screechy whine" while "looking at Denise with the eyes of love." Erin Faith Wilson of AfterEllen.com called A Different World one of her favorite shows "because of my love for Denise Huxtable", elaborating, "her clothes were amazing, she was incredibly intelligent and she didn’t put up with shit from anyone ... At the time, she seemed to scream feminism and I couldn’t get enough."