The National Gallery of Modern Art began its systematic acquisition of modern arts by purchasing Amrita Sher- Gil’s paintings. Among the 161 paintings handed over to the National Gallery of Modern Art, Sher-Gil and Tagore’s paintings comprised more than half of the Museum’s collection. An exemplary part of the Museum’s collection constitute the 33 paintings  purchased by the government from Egan alongwith the 33 paintings donated by Sher- Gil’s father Umrao Singh. Umrao Singh offered a great deal of work to the government with a precondition that it should also buy the husband’s work: “They serve along with her early works to show the development of her art and talent… But if her later works are not actually acquired by our nation, then what good will the old style work, which she herself did not value, be.”   Nehru decided to solve the issue by promising Dr. Egan the requested amount of Rs. The new director's taste was for the Northern and Early Italian Renaissance masters or "primitives", who had been neglected by the Gallery's acquisitions policy but were slowly gaining recognition from connoisseurs. He made annual tours to the continent and to Italy in particular, seeking out appropriate paintings to buy for the Gallery. In all, he bought 148 pictures abroad and 46 in Britain, among the former such seminal works as Paolo Uccello’s Battle of San Romano. Eastlake also amassed a private art collection during this period, consisting of paintings that he knew did not interest the trustees. 15th- and 16th-century Italian paintings were at the core of the National Gallery and for the first 30 years of its existence the Trustees' independent acquisitions were mainly limited to works by High Renaissance masters. Their conservative tastes resulted in several missed opportunities and the management of the Gallery later fell into complete disarray, with no acquisitions being made between 1847 and 1850. A critical House of Commons report in 1851 called for the appointment of a director, whose authority would surpass that of the trustees. Many thought the position would go to the German art historian Gustav Friedrich Waagen, whom the Gallery had consulted on previous occasions about the lighting and display of the collections.