 Two days after footage of a grisly chemical weapons attack on civilians made its way around the world, President Donald Trump decided to launch a military strike against the Syrian regime responsible for the horrific attack. But while the decision to strike Syrian government targets marked a sharp reversal in the President's stance on Syria -- one that called for a laser-like focus on ISIS and largely ignoring Assad -- the sharp, 180-degree turn didn't happen over a matter of days. 'Holocaust' Months earlier, during an off-the-record holiday gathering with reporters at his opulent Mar-a-Lago estate a week before Christmas, Trump spoke at length about the carnage of the Syrian civil war, revealing that the issue was weighing on him as he prepared to take office. Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks authorized CNN on Friday to report the contents of his remarks on the topic at the gathering, which CNN attended.  US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said in an interview that aired Sunday on CNN that until Syrian President Bashar al-Assad is out of power, she doesn't see a political solution to the conflict in Syria. "There's not any sort of option where a political solution is going to happen with Assad at the head of the regime," Haley told "State of the Union" anchor Jake Tapper. "It just -- if you look at his actions, if you look at the situation, it's going to be hard to see a government that's peaceful and stable with Assad." Haley's remarks come just a day after she warned that the United States was prepared to take further actions in Syria during a special session at the UN following a US military strike against a Syrian air base.  President Donald Trump surprised many Thursday night when he ordered the launch of Tomahawk missiles against a Syrian airfield. The narrative is fairly straightforward: Shayrat airfield was allegedly used by Syrian government forces to strike the civilian population south of Idlib with sarin nerve gas. The chemical weapons attack, one in a pattern of such attacks by Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's regime, took place under the nose of Russian forces, which may have been aware of the nature of the attack. Like it or not, this is a decisive and precise strike against a target directly implicated in the murder of civilians, including children.