 The third Republican presidential primary debate will once again be divided into two tiers: a main event with the top 10 candidates and an undercard with the rest. CNBC announced Wednesday that the top 10 candidates -- Donald Trump, Ben Carson, Marco Rubio, Jeb Bush, Carly Fiorina, Ted Cruz, Mike Huckabee, Chris Christie, John Kasich and Rand Paul -- will appear on the main stage in Boulder, Colorado, at 8 p.m. ET on October 28. That lineup will place Rubio near center stage alongside GOP frontrunners Trump and Carson for the first time.  Martin O'Malley is planning to tie his struggling Democratic presidential bid to the opposing party when he hosts a gun control event Wednesday, the same day as the third Republican debate. At the event, which will be held at the University of Colorado Boulder, the former Maryland governor will "challenge every single (GOP) candidate on that stage Wednesday night to value lives over whatever pressure they are getting from the NRA,"  Haley Morris, spokeswoman for O'Malley said Tuesday. O'Malley will be joined by Lonnie and Sandy Phillips, two vocal O'Malley supporters who lost their daughter, Jessica Ghawi, in the 2012 shooting at a movie theater in Aurora, Colorado. The event will be announced Tuesday in an email from the Phillips family. Widely viewed as a very open contest with no clear front-runner, potential candidates fluctuated in the polls for an extended period from late 2012 to the end of 2015. In the year prior to the election season, a total of 17 major candidates campaigned for the nomination, thus making it the single largest presidential primary field in American history at the time. However, by the time the primary season started in early 2016, three candidates had clearly emerged ahead of the rest of the field: Florida Senator Marco Rubio, Texas Senator Ted Cruz, and New York businessman Donald Trump. Trump maintained wide poll leads throughout 2015 and into 2016, primarily due to his brash and unapologetic style of speaking and campaigning.