 Israel's president conceded Tuesday his country may disagree with the White House at times over Iran's nuclear progress, but said he is "free of doubts" that U.S. President Barack Obama would use military force if necessary to stop Tehran from developing a nuclear bomb. Iran is the top issue as Obama heads here for meetings with Israeli officials, including President Shimon Peres and, more importantly, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Obama to Israel: Low expectations but lots of questions The prime minister has at times voiced concerns Washington has a less urgent view than Israel's of Iran's progress toward developing a nuclear warhead. But he has welcomed the administration's more muscular language of late that "all options"  are on the table and that its policy is to prevent -- not contain -- a nuclear Iran.  In his first visit to Israel and the West Bank since assuming the White House, President Barack Obama ventures into a region of the world whose politics are layered and complex. As he meets with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Obama will address problems on many levels, including his chilly relationship with Netanyahu, Iran's growing nuclear threat, Syria's possible use of chemical arms and the elusive prospect of peace between Israel and the Palestinians. The to-do list is ambitious. Obama isn't expected to unveil a major peace plan, but the four-day visit will help define the two-term president's legacy in the Mideast.  Secretary of State John Kerry plans to return to Israel after President Barack Obama leaves and it is expected he will lay the groundwork to try to restart stalled Israeli-Palestinian peace talks, Israeli Justice Minister Tzipi Livni said Wednesday. READ: Weapons movement in Syria an issue as Obama visits Israel "It's the beginning," Livni told CNN during an interview at her Tel Aviv home. A senior State Department official told CNN  that Kerry would likely meet Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Saturday to review the results of Obama's trip and "discuss next steps on the key issues." The official was not more specific.