 Then-President Barack Obama reassured then-FBI Director James Comey of his support after the 2016 election during a private meeting in the Oval Office, Comey writes in his upcoming book. Comey recalls that during the meeting, in late November 2016, Obama told him, "I picked you to be FBI director because of your integrity and your ability. I want you to know that nothing -- nothing -- has happened in the last year to change my view." CNN obtained a copy of the book and corroborated news reports about Comey's highly anticipated recounting of his time in the Trump administration.  No one -- probably not even Donald Trump -- expected former FBI Director James Comey's memoir about his life and times with the President who fired him was going to be a fun read for the man who calls 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue home. But if the early reports of Comey's "A Higher Loyalty" are any indication, the fired FBI director decided to take on Trump with both barrels -- delivering an absolutely unsparing and embarrassing portrait of the most powerful person in the country. In an excerpt of the book obtained by the New York Post, Comey recounts that at a dinner with Trump early in his presidency, the conversation turned to the possible existence of a salacious tape involving the president of the United States and urination. Writes Comey, according to the Post: "He brought up what he called the 'golden showers thing.  James Comey's upcoming book burst into public view Thursday evening, offering a remarkable look into the former FBI director's relationship with President Donald Trump. CNN obtained a copy of the book and corroborated news reports about Comey's highly anticipated recounting of his time in the Trump administration. Comey's recollections detail what he calls Trump's "mob"-like approach to leadership and take aim at the President's disposition, which he says created "the forest fire that is the Trump presidency." "This President is unethical, and untethered to truth and institutional values," Comey wrote.