 The two prison staff members who'd been guarding the unit where Jeffrey Epstein died by apparent suicide failed to check on him that night for about three hours, The New York Times reported Tuesday, citing several law enforcement and prison officials with knowledge of the investigation. Officials have cautioned to CNN that they don't know what the staff members were doing during that time and still are trying to pin that down. Epstein, 66, was in the special housing unit of the federal Metropolitan Correctional Center in New York, in a cell by himself, when he was found dead early Saturday. Guards are supposed to check on detainees in the special housing unit every 30 minutes, a source with knowledge of Epstein's time at the prison previously told CNN.  The top official at the New York prison that had housed Jeffrey Epstein before his apparent suicide is being moved temporarily as the FBI and the Justice Department's inspector general investigate the circumstances of the death. Two employees at the Metropolitan Correctional Center who had been assigned to Epstein's unit are also being placed on administrative leave, Justice Department spokeswoman Kerri Kupec said, adding that "additional actions may be taken as the circumstances warrant." The moves, which were directed by Attorney General William Barr, come one day after Barr said there were "serious irregularities" at the New York prison and that he was "appalled" and "angry" to learn of the facility's "failure to adequately secure this prisoner." The warden, Lamine N'diaye, will be moved to a Bureau of Prisons regional office and will be replaced by James Petrucci, the warden of the federal prison in Otisville, New York.  Jeffrey Epstein's cause of death was suicide by hanging, the New York City Office of the Chief Medical Examiner said Friday. Hours later, Epstein's attorneys said they will conduct their own investigation into the circumstances of his death. The medical examiner's determination came almost a week after the multimillionaire was found in his cell at the Metropolitan Correctional Center, where the 66-year-old was awaiting trial on federal charges accusing him of sexually abusing underage girls and running a sex trafficking ring. He had pleaded not guilty to the charges.