 The FBI has flatly rejected an assertion by the mother of the two suspected Boston bombers that the bureau had been tracking her oldest son and had spoken with him last week after the deadly marathon bombing. The chief spokesman for the FBI, Mike Kortan, said he continues to stand by an FBI  statement issued Friday that said that the only communication the FBI ever had with Tamerlan Tsarnaev was an interview agents conducted with him in 2011 at the urging of a foreign government, since identified as Russia. Did one brother brainwash the other? Zubeidat Tsarnaev, the mother of the suspected bombers, told reporters the FBI had tracked her oldest son for as long as five years.  After a 24-hour manhunt that paralyzed the Boston area, authorities captured the suspect in this week's marathon bombings. In the aftermath, his older brother -- also a suspect -- lay dead, and so did a police officer believed killed by the two. A quick glance at the five major developments. CAPTURED  Police arrested Dzhokar Tsarnaev, 19, after a long night of terror and mayhem in the Boston area.  Here are some of the latest developments in the Boston Marathon bombing investigation: -- The leads to search a New Bedford, Massachusetts, landfill for a laptop computer came from Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev as well as others who may have knowledge of the computer's whereabouts or may have played a role in disposing of it after the April 15 attack, a U.S. law enforcement official close the Boston investigation told CNN's Susan Candiotti. -- There is evidence that leads investigators to believe that the other suspect, Dzhokhar's brother Tamerlan, may have been involved in drug dealing, the U.S. law enforcement official said. The source would not elaborate. -- The Boston Celtics paid tribute Friday night to those affected, and those who took action, in last week's attack, including members of federal, state and local law enforcement agencies as well as staffers from city hospitals.