 World reaction Thursday to the Egyptian military's toppling of the nation's first democratically elected president ranged from applause to calls for the return of Mohamed Morsy to power. African Union In a statement, the African Union said its chairwoman, Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, was closely monitoring the developments in Egypt. "She is particularly concerned about the tension prevailing in the country and the risks that this situation poses to stability and security in Egypt as well as to the consolidation of its democratic process." The AU's "principled position on unconstitutional changes of government" underscores the need "to find an appropriate response to the popular aspirations within the framework of legality and Egyptian institutions."  State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki called Friday for the release of ousted Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy from detention, marking the first time the United States has made such a call. Psaki said the detentions of Morsy and members of the Muslim Brotherhood were "politically motivated" and urged the military to let them go. Morsy, the nation's first democratically elected president, was ousted on July 3 by the Egyptian military. Morsy's son: 'Dad, you are the legitimate leader' Tens of thousands of people rallied Friday in front of a Cairo mosque calling not only for his release, but for his restoration to the job of president. Violent clashes erupted in the aftermath of the overthrow (referred to by some media outlets as the Egyptian crisis) following the 3 July 2013 removal of President Mohamed Morsi of Egypt by the Egyptian Armed Forces amid popular demonstrations against Morsi's rule. Prior to the anti-government protests, many pro-Morsi protesters amassed near the Rabia Al-Adawiya Mosque, originally to celebrate the one-year anniversary of Morsi's inauguration, but in the wake of the overthrow, their message then changed to call for Morsi's return to power and condemn the military, while others demonstrated in support of the military and interim government. Deadly clashes erupted on several days, with two particularly bloody incidents being described by Muslim Brotherhood officials as "massacres perpetrated by security forces." In mid-August, the sit-ins at Rabaa and Nahda were about to end, as security forces raided them on August 14th, which led to 638 deaths, and the government declaring a month-long nighttime curfew.