 House Democrats who ushered President Barack Obama's health care reforms into law say they failed to sell it from the start. Now, as congressional Republicans prepare to repeal the law, Democrats are asking voters to "take a second look." On a call Monday with top Democrats, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said one thing she would have done differently on health care reform from the start was "message it in a much stronger way." Pelosi, who as speaker presided over the House when Obamacare became law, stressed that millions of Americans now enjoy the law's benefits and said Democrats are focusing in the coming weeks on emphasizing the law's individual provisions.  Heads up, American women (and the men who love them): House Speaker Paul Ryan said Thursday the GOP is moving forward on its plan to repeal Obamacare, and would also include removing federal funding for Planned Parenthood. Republicans have a lot of nerve. After years of attempts to stall, dismantle and repeal the Affordable Care Act, Obamacare, they are back at it, cavalierly putting party before the health and well-being of the nation's citizens, particularly, now, the ones who are women. Planned Parenthood provides lifesaving services like exams, breast cancer screenings, HIV testing and cervical cancer screenings.  A push by Republican congressional leaders to defund Planned Parenthood could threaten passage of their top-priority legislation to repeal Obamacare because of opposition to the anti-abortion provision by two key GOP senators. House Speaker Paul Ryan announced Thursday that Republicans will move to strip all federal funding for Planned Parenthood as part of the process they are using early this year to dismantle Obamacare. Congressional Republicans have tried for years to zero out all federal funding for Planned Parenthood because the group provides abortion services. The fight over Obamacare helped trigger a 16-day government shutdown in 2013, and Democrats and President Barack Obama insisted any Planned Parenthood provision targeting the group be removed from a bill to fund federal agencies.