Following the vote by the British electorate in favour to leave the European Union on 23 June, Cameron announced  that he intended to step down as Prime Minister following the Conservative Party conference in the autumn of that year during a televised speech on the morning of 24 June 2016. Cameron, who had campaigned in favour of the UK remaining in a reformed EU, said that he had informed the Queen of his decision before going to the public. Speaking outside of 10 Downing Street, he remarked that "fresh leadership" needed to come in to deliver Brexit. He officially resigned as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom on 13 July 2016, following the unopposed victory of Theresa May at the Conservative Party leadership election on 11 July.  Two days after UK voters decided they wanted to leave the European Union, foreign ministers from the EU's six founding countries met in Berlin to discuss the speed and strategy of Britain's exit. European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has said he'd like to get started on it "immediately." "Britons decided that they want to leave the European Union, so it doesn't make any sense to wait until October to try to negotiate the terms of their departure," Juncker said Friday, referring to British Prime Minister David Cameron's announcement that he would step down -- but not before a new leader could be installed in October. However, German Chancellor Angela Merkel suggested there's no hurry.  Has David Cameron's decision to gamble the future of the United Kingdom left his political career in ruin? It was a move that backfired spectacularly and led to the dramatic announcement that he'll quit as Britain's prime minister in the aftermath of the Brexit vote -- an era-defining moment that will no doubt lead to him being remembered for generations to come as the man who took the country out of the European Union. For a man who told members of the Conservative Party to stop "banging on" about Europe in his first conference speech as leader, it is perhaps fitting that his reign comes to end with such symmetry. Outside 10 Downing Street Friday, Cameron, who had defiantly championed the cause of the Remain campaign, conceded that his position had become untenable after a night of drama.