 President Barack Obama called on journalists Monday to uphold higher standards in keeping voters informed about their elected leaders, saying at a press dinner in Washington that business demands had compromised news outlets' ability to hold candidates to their promises. Obama -- whose own administration has stood accused of hampering journalists' work through secrecy -- said that tough questions and investigative reporting remained an essential element to the U.S. political process, which said was now too grim now to even be described as a "carnival." "When our elected officials and our political campaigns become entirely untethered from reason and facts and analysis, when it doesn't matter what's true and what's not, that makes it all but impossible for us to make good decisions on behalf of future generations," Obama said at the awards dinner for the Robin Toner prize, which honors the late New York Times political correspondent. "It threatens the values of respect and tolerance that we teach our children and that are the source of America's strength.  President Barack Obama defended his drone strike policy Friday, even as he admitted that the U.S. had at times killed innocent civilians. Obama acknowledged the "legitimate criticism" in the past that the legal framework governing drones has had shortcomings. "It wasn't as precise as it should have been, and there's no doubt civilians were killed that shouldn't have been," he said at a news conference at the conclusion of a nuclear security summit in Washington. "We have to take responsibility where we're not acting appropriately, or just made mistakes." A pregnant woman leaves her home to go overseas to have a child – who there's not a passport for – so is in cahoots with someone ... to smuggle that child, that previously doesn't exist on a government roll somewhere back into the country and has the amazing foresight to place birth announcements in the Hawaii newspapers? All while this is transpiring in cahoots with those in the border, all so some kid named Barack Obama could run for President 46 and a half years later.