 Seven promising young British athletes lit the Olympic cauldron early Saturday, capping the Games' festive opening ceremony in east London. The torch, which arrived on a boat driven by football star David Beckham down the River Thames, had been carried into the stadium by five-time Olympic gold medalist Steve Redgrave. The retired rower then passed it to the young athletes, who lit part of the outer rim of the torch, setting off a domino effect as fire spread to 205 small metal "petals," symbolizing the nations taking part. The small petals eventually rose on long stems and converged to become a cauldron pointing up to the sky above the stadium.  Few shows can claim such an audience. As the dramatic spectacle of the Olympic Games opening ceremony in London unfolded Friday night, organizers estimated a billion people around the world would be glued to their television sets to see it, either live or delayed by a few hours. Tens of thousands more were lucky enough to have a seat inside the Olympic Stadium, the centerpiece of Olympic Park in east London. Dubbed "Isles of Wonder," it was quite a show -- fast-paced and diverse, with everything from people dancing in period costumes to a pseudo house party.  He's brought bloodthirsty zombies, squalid junkies and murderous housemates to life on the big screen, but faced the toughest task of his career at London 2012: bringing boogying nurses, bucolic scenes and butterflies on bicycles to a worldwide audience of a billion people. Danny Boyle, the Oscar-winning director -- and east London resident -- best known for hit movies "Trainspotting" and "Slumdog Millionaire" was the man responsible for the Olympic opening ceremony, the show that televisions around the world were tuned in to at the start of London's long-awaited Games. And while those of his films set in Britain have painted a darkly comic picture of the country, "Isles of Wonder" -- the "Tempest"-inspired extravaganza which kicked off the Games -- proved much more of a celebration of the nation. Live blog: Let the games begin A billion people across the globe tuned in for the three-hour, $42.4m show, which featured 10,000 adult volunteers, 900 children, 12 horses, 10 chickens, nine geese, three cows and a flock of sheep.