 A 4-year-old Chinese boy has been rescued after getting his head stuck in security bars, leaving him dangling from a fourth-story window. Dramatic footage of the incident shows the boy hanging high above the ground in a residence in Linyi City, in eastern China's Shandong province. According to Chinese state media CCTV, the boy climbed out of the window on Monday afternoon and fell, leaving his head stuck between the bars around the window frame. The boy's grandfather was taking a nap at the time, but was woken by the boy's cries.  Former Vice President Joe Biden's son Hunter Biden announced that he will resign at the end of the month from his board role in the management company of a private equity fund backed by Chinese state-owned entities, according to a statement released Sunday by his attorney. The announcement comes as President Donald Trump continues to lash out at the Bidens amid a House impeachment inquiry into his attempts to pressure Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky to investigate the former vice president during a July 25 phone call. That call is the focus of a whistleblower complaint at the center of Democrats' probe. Trump has pushed an unproven accusation that Joe Biden was improperly trying to help Hunter, who served on the board of a Ukrainian natural gas company, when the then-vice president pressured the Ukrainian government to fire the country's prosecutor general.  Washington is adding 28 Chinese companies, government offices and security bureaus to a United States blacklist over their alleged role in facilitating human rights abuses in China's Xinjiang region. Monday's announcement targets some of China's top artificial intelligence companies in a similar way to the US move against smartphone giant Huawei earlier this year, and comes just days before crucial trade talks between the two sides. In a statement, the US Commerce Department said "these entities have been implicated in human rights violations and abuses in the implementation of China's campaign of repression, mass arbitrary detention, and high-technology surveillance against Uyghurs, Kazakhs, and other members of Muslim minority groups in ." For the last two-and-a-half years, China has been detaining hundreds of thousands of Uyghurs and other predominantly Muslim ethnic minorities in what Beijing alternately describes as "voluntary de-radicalization camps" and "vocational training centers."