 President Donald Trump really wants the Russia probe led by special counsel Robert Mueller over. He has called the probe a "witch hunt" and a "hoax" many times and, as recently this morning, tweeted that the Mueller probe was started "with illegally leaked classified information." (Narrator voice: It wasn't.) Back in March, then-Trump lawyer John Dowd called for an "end to alleged Russia collusion investigation manufactured by McCabe's boss James Comey based upon a fraudulent and corrupt dossier."  Rudy Giuliani, newly added to President Donald Trump's legal team, met this week with the special counsel to discuss the potential of an interview with Trump, two sources told CNN. The sources said the negotiations will continue, and one confirmed special counsel Robert Mueller was in the meeting. Although Trump has previously said publicly he would like to do an interview with Mueller, the other source stressed that Trump's willingness changed after the raid on his personal attorney Michael Cohen, describing the change as a "seismic shift" in the President's thinking. Jay Sekulow, an attorney for Trump, told CNN he was "not commenting on meetings we have had or have not had."  Special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation began a year ago -- tasked with looking into Russian meddling in the 2016 election and the possibility of officials in Donald Trump's campaign colluding with the Russians. With the leak Monday night of nearly 50 questions Mueller would like to ask the President as part of the investigation, it's now clear that not only has the scope of Mueller's investigation widened significantly but also that Trump, at least in Mueller's mind, has a lot to explain about his own role in all of it. The language of the leaked questions, by the way, was written by Trump's legal team, but off a list of detailed topics Mueller's team said they would like to ask about. The leak of Mueller's questions -- which should not be treated as the totality of what he wants to ask -- also lands at a moment in which the White House remains deeply divided about whether or not Trump should sit down for a face-to-face interview with Mueller before the investigation wraps up.