Saudi Arabia, officially the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, is a country in Western Asia constituting the bulk of the Arabian Peninsula. With a land area of approximately 2,150,000 km2 (830,000 sq mi), Saudi Arabia is geographically the largest sovereign state in Western Asia, the second-largest in the Arab world (after Algeria), the fifth-largest in Asia, and the 12th-largest in the world. Saudi Arabia is bordered by Jordan and Iraq to the north, Kuwait to the northeast, Qatar, Bahrain, and the United Arab Emirates to the east, Oman to the southeast and Yemen to the south; it is separated from Israel and Egypt by the Gulf of Aqaba. It is the only nation with both a Red Sea coast and a Persian Gulf coast, and most of its terrain consists of arid desert, lowland and mountains.  Saudi Arabia has issued its first driver's licenses to 10 women ahead of June 24, when the Kingdom's due to end the world's only ban on women drivers. Officials expect another 2,000 women to seek licenses in the coming week, according to a news release from the country's Ministry of Media. Activists have long called for the lifting of the ban, and there was some celebration when the Kingdom said last September that the ban would end. However, in recent weeks a number of activists who'd protested against the ban were arrested.  Saudi Arabia has "temporarily" released eight activists arrested last month for protesting against the country's ban on women driving. The five women and three men were arrested for allegedly undermining "the security and stability of the Kingdom, its social peace and national unity," Saudi Arabia Public Prosecution said in a statement on Saturday. But nine other women's rights activists remain in custody due to confessions and "sufficient evidence against them," the statement said. Saudi authorities claim those activists admitted to communicating and cooperating with "individuals and organizations hostile" to the Kingdom; recruiting people in a position to obtain confidential information and official documents to harm the country's interests; and providing financial and moral support to hostile elements abroad.