 Former FBI Director James Comey said Tuesday that Attorney General William Barr deserves "the benefit of the doubt" when it comes to transparency about the special counsel investigation, but at the same time he questioned Barr's decision on whether President Donald Trump had committed obstruction of justice. "Bill Barr, our attorney general, deserves the benefit of the doubt," Comey told CNN's Christiane Amanpour. "Give him a chance to show us what he feels like he can't show us. I have to imagine that former (FBI Director Robert) Mueller wrote the report with an eye towards it being public some day, so I can't imagine a lot needs to be cut out of it.  After nearly two years of waiting, Stephen Colbert and the rest of late-night TV were finally able to talk about the completion of the Mueller report, if not its contents. "I had a pretty good weekend. Not as a good as Donald Trump's weekend, but still pretty good," the "Late Show" host told his audience on Monday night. Colbert opened Monday's show by talking about the delivery of special counsel Robert Mueller's report to the Department of Justice on Friday.  Roughly three weeks ago the special counsel's team told Attorney General Bill Barr and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein that Robert Mueller would not be reaching a conclusion on whether President Donald Trump obstructed justice, according to a source familiar with the meeting. The source said that conclusion was "unexpected" and not what Barr had anticipated. Barr released a four-page summary on Sunday of Mueller's principal conclusions, writing that the special counsel "did not draw a conclusion -- one way or another -- as to whether the examined conduct constituted obstruction." "Instead," Barr explained, "for each of the relevant actions investigated, the report sets out evidence on both sides of the question and leaves unresolved what the Special Counsel views as difficult issues of law and fact concerning whether the President's actions and intent could be viewed as obstruction."