 President Donald Trump's national security team was expected to meet again Thursday to consider options for responding to an attack on Saudi oil facilities, according to senior administration officials, but there is growing doubt Trump will authorize a military response to the incident. Instead, Trump is expected in the coming days to decide whether to send additional US troops and anti-missile defenses to Saudi Arabia, one of several options that stop short of airstrikes or a bombing campaign. On Wednesday, Trump tweeted that he was ordering new sanctions on Iran, though neither the White House nor the Treasury Department specified what entities would be sanctioned. Meanwhile, Trump continues to telegraph his options without saying where he's leaning.  A day after Secretary of State Mike Pompeo blamed Iran for the attack on Saudi oil facilities and argued there is "no evidence the attacks came from Yemen," a senior administration official briefed CNN on information to back up Pompeo's claims. The official pointed to the angle at which Saudi oil facilities were attacked, the numbers of points of impact and other information to argue that it is unlikely the attacks were carried out by Yemen. Instead, the official suggested the attack most likely originated in Iran or Iraq. "It is very difficult to see how these things could have come from anywhere but Iran or Iraq," the senior administration official said.  Secretary of State Mike Pompeo called the attack on Saudi oil facilities "an act of war" Wednesday, as President Donald Trump announced that he's ordered new sanctions on Tehran, the latest escalation in tensions between the two countries as US officials work to pin the blame on Iran. Pompeo, who is in Saudi Arabia to consult with the kingdom's rulers on next steps, said, "We were blessed that there were no Americans killed in this attack, but anytime you have an act of war of this nature, there's always risk that that could happen. ... This is an attack of a scale we've just not seen before."