His partner and best friend is James "Jimmy" Trivette (Clarence Gilyard), a former Dallas Cowboys player, "Go Long Trivette", who takes a more modern approach. Walker's young partner grew up in Baltimore and used football as his ticket to college education. He was dropped from the team after he tore up his shoulder in a major game, which led to his career in the Rangers (often making references to watching the Lone Ranger and how C.D. Parker mentored him as a rookie officer).  There can't be many sports in which the reigning champion -- which happened to make the final the year before too -- isn't considered among the top tier of favorites to retain its crown. But in the baseball world, that seems to be the case with the 2015 World Series winners, the Kansas City Royals. After coming agonizingly close to triumphing in the Fall Classic in 2014 --  falling just short of defeating the San Francisco Giants -- the team regrouped and went one better last year, knocking off the New York Mets in five games to win a first World Series since 1985. Winning Recipe  Any perceived lack of love for the Royals doesn't faze first baseman Eric Hosmer, who happens to be coming off the best season of his five-year MLB career, with 18 home runs, and 93 Runs Batted In. Television critic Joe Queenan wrote "Touched By a Ranger", a semi-humorous roast of the series for TV Guide. He denounced WTR as "Boring and predictable...With plotlines that were old when James Arness was young, music that's basically a lethal fusion of the Batman and Mannix scores, acting that makes William Shatner seem like Leslie Howard, and dialogue that could stop The Dukes of Hazzard dead in its tracks, Walker Texas Ranger is a throwback to an innocent era when producers assumed that everybody watching television was dumb...I'm not sure they're even using a DP; it seems as if they just mount a camera on a tripod, and tell Chuck Norris to start kicking people's faces in for a solid hour...There's a lot of slow-motion during the fight scenes, so that you can see the predictably-incompetent drug-dealers getting kicked in the face from various angles; such is a bad idea, since Walker Texas Ranger already seems to be in slow-motion...Although the series is all but unwatchable, it does have one redeeming quality: Most of the episodes are scripted so that Chuck Norris doesn't need to talk much."