 Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg said Monday that his attempt to recommend a potential job candidate to Pete Buttigieg's presidential campaign "shouldn't be taken as an endorsement." Speaking to reporters, Zuckerberg acknowledged that he had contacted the South Bend, Indiana, mayor's Democratic presidential campaign earlier this year after "a number of colleagues" had asked him or his wife, pediatrician Priscilla Chan, to pass along their résumés. "And so I did that," Zuckerberg said. "I think that this probably should not be misconstrued as if I'm, like, so deeply involved in trying to support their campaign or something like that."  Underpinning Elizabeth Warren's and Bernie Sanders' idea that the government should do a lot more for everyone is the fact that the government would have to take a lot more from the richest few. Their proposal for a new tax on wealth, a radical idea in a country where recent movement has been toward less taxation, got a full discussion at Tuesday's Democratic presidential debate, sponsored by CNN and The New York Times, in Westerville, Ohio. Warren and Sanders argue that the wealthy have gotten more out of the country, so they should give more back. And income taxes, Warren says, aren't doing the job.  A slew of policy changes this week at Facebook show how the social media giant can act decisively on pressing public policy matters — when it chooses to. But as CEO Mark Zuckerberg prepares to testify on Capitol Hill on Wednesday, the announcements also highlight some things Facebook is choosing not to do, such as insist on truth in political advertising run on its platform, that have become a source of growing concern to politicians and elected officials. On Monday, Facebook rolled out sweeping updates to its products and policies surrounding elections and disinformation and said it had caught dozens of fake Russian-controlled accounts seeking to influence the 2020 election. Facebook said it will begin to monitor its platform for fraudulent logins and other malicious activity specifically targeting campaign workers.