Prior to the start of the 2014 season the Mets made a big splash in the free agent market by signing former New York Yankees outfielder Curtis Granderson to a 4-year $60 million contract. They also signed former Oakland Athletics starting pitcher Bartolo Colón to a 2-year deal to help offset losing ace pitcher Matt Harvey for the year after he required Tommy John surgery. They would improve to 79–83 and finish the season tied for 2nd place with Atlanta but it was their 6th consecutive season where they finished under .500. Pitcher Jacob deGrom would win the National League Rookie of the Year. Following the crushing defeat, the Mets faced the Washington Nationals in a pivotal three game series, considering that the Nationals were 3 games ahead of the Mets, and a New York sweep could give the Mets the division lead, while a Nationals series win might do the Mets in for good. Prior to the first game, the Mets got their big outfield bat, Yoenis Céspedes, in a trade with the Tigers for minor league pitchers Michael Fulmer and Luis Cessa. That night, in a pivotal game against their division rivals, the Washington Nationals, Flores hit a walk-off home run in the 12th inning, winning the game for the Mets by a score of 2-1. Flores had also driven in the other Mets run earlier in the game. After the 1957 season, the Brooklyn Dodgers and New York Giants relocated from New York to California to become the Los Angeles Dodgers and San Francisco Giants, leaving the largest city in the United States with no National League franchise and only one major league team, the New York Yankees of the American League (AL). With the threat of a New York team joining a new third league, the National League expanded by adding the New York Mets following a proposal from William Shea. In a symbolic reference to New York's earlier National League teams, the new team took as its primary colors the blue of the Dodgers and the orange of the Giants, both of which are colors also featured on the Flag of New York City. The nickname "Mets" was adopted: it was a natural shorthand to the club's corporate name, "The New York Metropolitan Baseball Club, Inc.", hearkened back to the "Metropolitans" (a former New York team in the American Association from 1880 to 1887), and its brevity was advantageous for newspaper headlines.