 U.S. President Barack Obama on Thursday called on countries throughout the world to decriminalize homosexuality, a day after the U.S. Supreme Court handed a major victory to proponents of same-sex marriage. Every group of people has a right to its own views, Obama said, and that diversity should be respected, "but when it comes to how the state treats people -- how the law treats people -- I believe that everybody has to be treated equal." He spoke at a news conference with President Macky Sall of Senegal, a country in which homosexuality is illegal. "Regardless of race, regardless of religion, regardless of gender, regardless of sexual orientation ... people should be treated equally, and that's a principle that I think applies universally," Obama said.  For some people, Wednesday was a day to celebrate. Thursday, they get back to work. Advocates of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender rights say they've gained fresh energy and hope after twin Supreme Court rulings advanced efforts to legalize same-sex marriage. They want to ride that momentum for as far as possible -- making inroads on issues ranging from workplace discrimination protections, immigration reform to bully-free schools.  A deeply divided Supreme Court nudged the nation toward broad recognition of same-sex marriage on Wednesday in rulings that advocates hailed as a "joyous occasion" -- but still left many questions unanswered. Voting 5-4 in each of two decisions, justices threw out part of a law that denied hundreds of federal benefits to same-sex couples and cleared the way for gays and lesbians to once again marry in California. At the same time, the high court declined to make a sweeping statement on the broader issue of same-sex marriage rights nationwide, rejecting California's same-sex marriage ban but leaving intact laws banning such marriages in 35 other states. New Jersey has civil unions for same-sex couples, while New Mexico's marriage law is gender neutral and recognizes valid marriages performed in other states.