 Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal bragged Friday that when abortion rights demonstrators showed up at the governor's mansion to protest his recent cuts to Planned Parenthood, he had a surprise for them: large screens to display the secretly-recorded videos that have roiled the controversial organization. "They came to protest at my house yesterday, and so we set up some nice video screens for them so they could watch those videos uncovered," the Republican presidential candidate told a summit hosted by Americans for Prosperity in Columbus. Outraged by the videos earlier this month, which purport to show the illegal sale of fetal tissue, the governor cut the state's Medicaid contract with Planned Parenthood, a decision that earned him huge applause at the conservative summit. Walker, who started his campaign as a top tier candidate after what was considered a "break-out" event at the Iowa Freedom Caucus in January, saw his position gradually decline over the summer in 2015. Initially a front-runner in the race, Walker saw a precipitous decline in both polling numbers and campaign funds. On August 6, Walker participated in the first Republican primary debate in Cleveland, Ohio. His performance was seen as decent, without much fanfare nor attention given to it due to his short answers to questions which limited his airtime.  Polls confirmed this week what political junkies already knew: The first Republican presidential primary debate shuffled the GOP field, lifting some little known hopefuls, swatting down favorites and altering the state of the race for everyone. CNN Interactive: 2016 election candidates Two hopefuls with previously low numbers -- Ohio Gov. John Kasich and former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina -- are suddenly center stage, reaping the benefits of strong debate performances, while Iowa darling Scott Walker fell to third place, bested by Donald Trump and retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson. RELATED: Trump tops in Iowa as Walker drops, CNN/ORC poll finds The candidate who went hardest after Trump -- Texas Gov.