 Senate Democrats as early as this week will push for another vote on legislation that would prevent people on the federal government's terrorism watch list from buying guns, joining Hillary Clinton in trying to seize momentum in the debate over gun restrictions even though it's unlikely to be approved in the Republican-led chamber. Separately Monday, the head of a major gun control group said they are not pushing to ban the AR-15-type weapon used in the Orlando massacre because their top priority now is passing the watch list legislation and an update to the Brady background check law that was enacted in 1993. The Senate push comes in the wake of the shooting tragedy at a nightclub in Orlando that killed 49 and wounded scores of people. It's not clear, though, that the restriction would have blocked that shooter, Omar Mateen, from purchasing the weapons he used in the attack since he may not have been on that watch list. Because of the chamber's theater-like qualities and size, numerous requests were made and fulfilled to use the chamber for functions other than that of legislation. In 1863, the chamber was used for a presentation of a narrative poem ("The Sleeping Sentinel") about a Union Army soldier, William Scott, who had fallen asleep at his post and was sentenced to be shot. Among the audience for the performance was the then-President of the United States, Abraham Lincoln, who had actually pardoned the sentinel months earlier.  Maine Republican Sen. Susan Collins is working with a bipartisan group of senators on an alternative bill that she hopes will break the partisan gridlock in Congress over gun control. Her proposal, coming in the wake of the horrific massacre at a gay nightclub in Orlando by a gunman pledging allegiance to ISIS, would bar gun sales to those on the government's no-fly list. The Senate is scheduled to vote Monday on two competing proposals -- one from Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California and one from GOP Sen. John Cornyn of Texas -- that also seek to prevent those with potential terror ties from buying guns. But similar versions by those senators were rejected in December and neither is expected to pass next week.