 Fox News host Laura Ingraham is seeing a growing number of advertisers leave her show over a widely derided tweet in which she mocked Parkland survivor David Hogg. Ingraham apologized for her remarks on Thursday after Hogg had urged his followers on Twitter to apply pressure on sponsors of her program, "The Ingraham Angle." But Hogg, the 17-year-old senior at Marjory Stoneman Douglas who has emerged as a leader in the nationwide movement for new gun laws following the shooting last month at the school, has been dismissive of Ingraham's apology and continued to call for an ad boycott of her show. By Friday morning, more companies had distanced themselves from "The Ingraham Angle" despite her apology.  CNN commentator and former Pennsylvania GOP Sen. Rick Santorum on Sunday suggested students protesting for gun control legislation would be better served by taking CPR classes and preparing for active shooter scenarios. "How about kids instead of looking to someone else to solve their problem, do something about maybe taking CPR classes or trying to deal with situations that when there is a violent shooter that you can actually respond to that," Santorum said on CNN's "State of the Union." Santorum's comments came a day after protesters assembled at March for Our Lives events in Washington and across the country to demand gun control legislation in the wake of the deadly school shooting in Parkland, Florida. Santorum dismissed the usefulness of "phony gun laws" and appeared to call on students and others to improve their communities and to prepare to respond to further shootings instead of calling for new laws.  David Hogg, a survivor of the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School massacre, on Friday rejected an apology from Fox News host Laura Ingraham for her tweet mocking his college acceptance record. Asked by CNN's Alisyn Camerota whether he accepts the apology from Ingraham, who tweeted to more than 2 million followers, Hogg said simply, "No." "She's only apologizing after a third of her advertisers pulled out," the gun control activist continued, referencing the advertising boycott he called for after her tweet. As of Friday morning, seven advertisers had pulled out of Ingraham's show, Camerota said on "New Day."