In August 2002,  Attorney General John Ashcroft labeled Hatfill a "person of interest" in a press conference, although no charges were brought against him. Hatfill, a virologist, vehemently denied he had anything to do with the anthrax (bacteria) mailings and sued the FBI, the Justice Department, John Ashcroft, Alberto Gonzales, and others for violating his constitutional rights and for violating the Privacy Act. On June 27, 2008, the Department of Justice announced it would settle Hatfill's case for $5.8 million. The Justice Department responded to Hatfill's subpoenas, saying that they went too far. "The court should reject this attempt to expand discovery," prosecutors wrote. In a status conference on Friday 11 January 2008, U.S. District Judge Reggie B. Walton ordered the attorneys for the government and for Hatfill to seek mediation over the next two months. According to the Scheduling Order, the parties will be in mediation from January 14 until May 14, 2008. In March 2004, the Justice Department under Ashcroft ruled that the President Bush's domestic intelligence program—code name Stellar Wind—was illegal; some time after the ruling, Ashcroft became critically ill with acute pancreatitis. President Bush's White House Counsel, Alberto Gonzales, and his Chief of Staff, Andrew Card Jr., went to Ashcroft's bedside in the hospital intensive-care unit, to persuade the incapacitated Attorney General to sign a document to "reauthorize" the program that Justice had declared illegal and at end. According to his account before the Senate Judiciary Committee, Acting Attorney General James Comey alerted then-FBI Director Robert Mueller III of the reauthorization plan, and  "raced" to the hospital, "sirens blaring" , arriving ahead of Gonzales and Card, Jr. Ashcroft, "summoning the strength to lift his head and speak", refused to sign; by his description in interview, Jack Goldsmith, head of the Office of Legal Counsel for Justice, was also there to support Ashcroft, as was Patrick Philbin, an  Associate Deputy Attorney General (according to congressional testimony from Comey). FBI Director Robert Mueller, who also was rushing to the hospital, spoke by phone to Ashcroft's security detail, ordering them not to allow Card or Gonzales to have Comey removed from the hospital room.