 Alaska Republican Sen. Lisa Murkowsi faces a difficult decision if Brett Kavanaugh's nomination to be a Supreme Court justice goes to the full Senate for a vote -- and it's a decision she's not taking lightly. But, she said, her vote will have nothing to do with the fact that she's a woman. When asked by a reporter Tuesday about how she's handling the weight of the shoulders considering the Republicans on the Judiciary Committee are all men and she's woman, Murkowski was visibly put off by the question. "Well, when you said on this decision, what decision do you mean?"  The White House on Wednesday stood by President Donald Trump's mocking impression of Christine Blasey Ford, with press secretary Sarah Sanders defending it as "stating the facts." She also accused Senate Democrats of "exploiting" her, even as key Republican senators admonished Trump over his comments. Sanders insisted Trump was simply "stating the facts" during his rally Tuesday night when he launched into a mocking impression of Ford's testimony before Congress in which she accused Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh of sexually assaulting her. Kavanaugh has denied the allegations.  Republican Sen. Lisa Murkowski, a key swing vote on the nomination for Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh,  suggested Tuesday that Deborah Ramirez, whose accusations of inappropriate sexual behavior against Kavanaugh were reported by The New Yorker, should talk to Congress. When asked by a reporter whether she believed the allegations against Kavanaugh were credible, she responded: "How can I base the credibility based on just what I read coming out of you all?" "If there are allegations out there, Miss Ramirez needs to be willing to come forward with them and just as Dr. Ford has been willing to come forward, albeit reluctantly, and I understand that is so, and so in order for us to take it under consideration, she needs to take the next step," she said. "I don't know if she has, but I do think that is important."