 CIA director Gina Haspel is set to brief President Donald Trump on the investigation into the death of Jamal Khashoggi on Thursday, as the President increasingly expresses frustration with the Saudi response and the country's crown prince vows "justice" for the journalist's killers. Haspel traveled to Turkey on Monday, apparently to assess information the Turks have collected on Khashoggi's killing inside the Saudi Consulate in Istanbul. The Washington Post reported Wednesday that Haspel listened to audio purportedly of his interrogation and murder while she was in Turkey. Trump also said the US has sent officials to Saudi Arabia to get more information on the killing, which has spiraled into a crisis.  Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman on Wednesday described the killing of Washington Post columnist Jamal Khashoggi as a "heinous" crime in his first comments since some of his closest aides were implicated in the Saudi journalist's death. Speaking at an investors' conference in Riyadh that has been overshadowed by the crisis, bin Salman said those responsible for the killing would be brought to justice. "This was a very, very painful incident for all Saudis and also for everybody on this planet. It was unnecessary," he said.  The son of murdered journalist Jamal Khashoggi has left Saudi Arabia and arrived in the United States, a source close to the family told CNN. Salah bin Jamal Khashoggi, a dual US-Saudi citizen, had previously been unable to leave Saudi Arabia after his passport was restricted by the kingdom some months ago. A State Department spokesman said Secretary of State Mike Pompeo urged the Saudis to release the younger Khashoggi and deputy spokesman Robert Palladino said the US was "pleased" that he was allowed to leave the country. Salah Khashoggi is the eldest son of The Washington Post columnist whom Saudis officials now admit was killed in a pre-meditated murder carried out by a squad of men, some of whom had close ties to the country's Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman.