 Learning that top-ranking Secret Service officials — including the second-in-charge of President Obama's own personal detail — went out drinking, then plowed their government car into a barrier at the White House, would ordinarily ignite shock among administration officials and lawmakers. Instead, that news Wednesday led only to disappointed head-shaking in Washington, where scandals involving the agency now seem to appear regularly. "Add this on to the list of embarrassments," said Rep. Jason Chaffetz, the Republican chairman of the House panel responsible for overseeing the Secret Service. President Obama, briefed on the episode, was "disappointed" to learn that two of the agency's top officials had steered an agency vehicle into a security gate after drinking at a retirement party in Georgetown.  The first family's departure for Selma, Alabama, on Saturday was delayed after a Secret Service dog detected something suspicious on a vehicle several blocks from the White House, Secret Service spokesman Brian Leary said. The vehicle in question has been cleared. The President is scheduled to speak in Selma to commemorate the 50th anniversary of "Bloody Sunday," a watershed moment in the civil rights movement. Obama, his wife and two daugthers arrived at Joint Base Andrews by motorcade about an hour later than scheduled.  The Department of Homeland Security is investigating another incident of misconduct by senior Secret Service agents, White House officials said Wednesday night. Two senior Secret Service agents, including a top member of President Barack Obama's protective detail, crashed a car into a White House barricade following a late-night party for retiring spokesman Ed Donovan and it's suspected they had been drinking, sources confirmed to CNN. The Washington Post first reported the incident. READ: Secret Service cleans house after scandals The officers were allowed to go home after a supervisor on duty overruled on-duty law enforcement who wanted to arrest the agents and conduct sobriety tests, a U.S. law enforcement official confirmed to CNN.