Rodgers' father was a Catholic while his mother was a Protestant. He attended the All Saints Catholic Primary School in Ballymena, and then moved on to St Patrick's College in the town until the age of 16. "The fact that one  was Catholic and one was Protestant didn't play any real part in their lives, they never let the whole religious thing have an impact on Brendan and his brothers," explained his cousin Nigel Worthington, the former manager of York City and Northern Ireland. In 2010, Rodgers' mother died at the age of 53, and in September 2011 he was by his father's side when he died of cancer, aged 59. During his sophomore year he felt “called to preach the word of God.” The Florida Methodist Conference licensed him to preach during his senior year at Sewanee Military Academy. In the summer of 1956, before heading to college he filled in as a student supply pastor in This hometown of Tampa and St Petersburg, FL. From 1956-1957, Newton was appointed state Master Counselor for the Florida chapter of The Order of DeMolay. The neighborhood was, at the time, on the very edge of developed Charleston. At first, skeptics claimed that the development would fail, but within a month of the start of selling lots, more than 100 of the 251 original lots had been sold. The development was amid truck farming sites, but it benefitted from its location near the Ashley River and Hampton Park. A newspaper account at the time predicted that its success would start a move to suburban living in Charleston instead of in the lower peninsula because of these advantages: "No more desirable location for a home could be imagined-close to the river, away from the noise and bustle of the city, on the Rutledge avenue  car line and close to the King street car line, bordering Hampton Park, beautiful now and to be doubly beautiful when plans now being worked out are completed, within sight of the Ashley River with its fresh salt breezes, and the whole area high and dry, sixteen feet above low water mark, within four blocks of the Mitchell School, the biggest and best of the schools of the city system."