“The division of labour inside a nation leads at first to the separation of industrial and commercial from agricultural labor, and hence to the separation of town and country and to conflict of their interests” (Marx and Engels 1970:43). The term “town” in this sense can be understood as the centers of political power and economic decision-making and the people who live in towns possess comparatively more power than those working in the countryside. According to Marx, those with the most power are included in the benefits of capitalism and those with less power are excluded from such benefits. Before the events of the novel, Grant was approached by Donald Gennaro, chief counsel for InGen, to provide information on the requirements for the care of infant dinosaurs, claiming it to be for a museum exhibit. Grant agrees to Hammond's invitation to tour the park, finding it difficult to turn down the request from a major financial donor, unaware that Hammond has cloned living dinosaurs. When the creatures escape, Grant becomes stranded in the park with Hammond's grandchildren. Throughout a large portion of the book, Grant and the two children explore the park trying to find their way back to the rest of the group. Aside from the academic world, during all these years, George Hammond, "made many public speeches on controversial themes, both political (e.g., the invasion of Cambodia, delivered in 1971 at a public rally on the Caltech's Olive Walk) and scientific (e.g., the future of chemistry)" Many of these controversial speeches cost him many recognitions, for example after his speech at Olive Walk, president Richard Nixon's administration removed his name from nomination for a major NSF post. Nevertheless, he did not back down an continued to criticize the government, and not limiting to delivering speeches, he wrote a letter to the editor of a newspaper saying: “A June 30 front-page article describes the potential bonanza in arms sales to new members as the North Atlantic Treaty Organization expands. I was favorably inclined toward expansion because of my naive assumption that bringing most of the nations of Europe and North America together as a cooperating group would decrease the likelihood of war. I cannot believe this will be the case if a prerequisite for entry is that countries buy new armaments from present members.