 As President Barack Obama considers military action in response to Bashar al-Assad's alleged use of chemical weapons in Syria, a debate over whether he must seek Congress' consent has surfaced. It's a debate with which the president is extremely familiar. As a senator, Obama was a staunch critic of President George W. Bush for not obtaining renewed authorization for the war in Iraq. He blasted his predecessor in 2007, saying, "The president does not have power under the Constitution to unilaterally authorize a military attack in a situation that does not involve stopping an actual or imminent threat to the nation."  Some don't like war, any war. Others don't think the United States should get involved in this particular war. And some simply don't like anything President Barack Obama proposes. Those dynamics amount to a tough challenge for Obama to win support from Congress, particularly the Republican-led House of Representatives, for his proposed attack on Syria in response to what he calls the regime's use of chemical weapons on its own people.  Call it domestic housekeeping, a political dotting of "i"s and crossing of "t"s on a checklist for launching punitive military strikes against Syria for last week's chemical weapons attack. The Obama administration briefed members of Congress late Thursday in a display of consultation intended to fulfill a murky obligation under law and address the inevitable complaints by minority legislators that no one ever talks to them. Officials including Secretary of State John Kerry, Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel, National Security Adviser Susan Rice, Director of National Intelligence James Clapper and the vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff were among those on the 90-minute telephone conference call, the White House said in a statement. "The views of Congress are important to the president's decision-making process, and we will continue to engage with members as the president reaches a decision on the appropriate U.S. response to the Syrian government's violation of international norms against the use of chemical weapons," it read.