 The US intends to relinquish custody of an American citizen accused of fighting for ISIS within days, potentially averting a looming showdown over his detention that is calling into question the legal underpinning of the US war against ISIS. In a filing entered Tuesday in DC federal court, the government said it plans to transfer the man, identified in documents only as John Doe, to the control of a foreign country, the name of which has been redacted. Doe is a dual US-Saudi citizen and has been held as an enemy combatant in Iraq since September, when he was turned over to American forces by a US-backed militia in Syria. The case, pending before Judge Tanya S. Chutkan, has brought rare judicial scrutiny of the post-9/11 Authorization for Use of Military Force, which the government is relying on in part to justify Doe's detention, and how it applies to ISIS, a group that did not exist when that statute was passed.  The police department in Washington DC has added a nearly 10-hour training program that includes a trip to the National Museum of African American History and Culture so that officers can learn about the historical interactions between law enforcement and minority communities. Crime is down in the city, but negative interactions between police and communities of color remain a concern, Mayor Muriel Bowser said. And this initiative is meant to address issues of bias and use of force that police departments around the country are dealing with. The program began in January, and the department plans to train all of its 3,800 sworn officers and 660 civilian members by the end of summer. The meaning of the word American in the English language varies according to the historical, geographical, and political context in which it is used. American is derived from America, a term originally denoting all of the New World (also called the Americas). In some expressions, it retains this Pan-American sense, but its usage has evolved over time and, for various historical reasons, the word came to denote people or things specifically from the United States of America. In modern English, American generally refers to persons or things related to the United States of America; among native English speakers this usage is almost universal, with any other use of the term requiring specification.