The book was announced at the 2011 San Diego Comic-Con International, and was billed as "Star Wars meets A Game of Thrones" in solicitations. Saga represents the first time Vaughan has employed narration in his comics writing, a decision influenced by the whimsical interaction between the text and images in the children's books he reads with his children, and by his desire to try something new that he felt would work well with Saga's narrator, Hazel. It is also his first series to be published through Image Comics, whom he selected as the series' publisher on the recommendation of writer Jay Faerber, who cited the creative freedom afforded by that publisher. Vaughan elaborated on his selection of Image thus:  On the day Donald Trump became president, black Americans exhaled as Michelle and Barack Obama got on that Marine One helicopter and flew away from the White House unharmed. In 2008, black Americans quietly worried Obama would be assassinated if he won the presidency, or killed before he could take the oath of office. While they may miss the presence of the first black family in the White House, there were more than a few fist bumps that they got out alive. It's impossible to quantify, but author and professor Michael Eric Dyson spoke for many when he wrote in the New York Times in January: "Never far from the surface was the fear that some lunatic bigot might put an end to the life of this extraordinary man. The White House "beat" concept that had been started during the Cleveland administration by reporter William Price was continued during the McKinley administration. Around the time of the outbreak of the Spanish–American War in 1898, the reporters covering the White House were invited into the mansion itself and provided with space to write, conduct interviews, and generally cover the White House. Now reporting from inside the White House, the reporters used their new location to interview guests entering or leaving the White House or confirm pieces of information from the president's secretaries as they passed through in the course of their duties. Reporters working in the White House did, however, honor an unspoken rule and refrain from asking the president himself a question if he happened to walk through their working area.