 It is not exactly the height of the Cold War, but there is always a frisson when the USA meets Russia as it did in the opening curling match of the 2018 Winter Olympics. Even though the opening ceremony doesn't take place until Friday in PyeongChang, some events are already under way and the USA defeated their Russian counterparts in the new discipline of mixed curling. It wasn't close, either, with brother and sister duo Matt and Becca Hamilton sweeping to a 9-3 win over Anastasia Bryzgalova and Aleksandr Krushelnitckii. Russia as a nation isn't competing in South Korea, having been banned by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) in December in the aftermath of the McLaren Report.  North Korea's all-female cheer squad may be grabbing the press at this year's Winter Olympics, but the South has a secret weapon of its own: K-pop. A selection of K-pop stars, including girl groups AOA and Girl's Day, along with Taeyang, from the mega-popular boy band Big Bang, have been made honorary Olympic ambassadors, a vague term that sees the stars help endorse the Games and appear at official events. "K-Pop is one of the most well-known and successful Korean cultures throughout the world," said Lee Kyusang, who is in charge of honorary ambassador management at the Olympics. "Appointing K-pop artists as honorary ambassadors has brought much attention to the Games."  It will be cold and colorful, dramatic and dangerous, exciting and emotional -- the 2018 Winter Olympics is set to burst into life in South Korea. Some events have already begun, but an opening ceremony full of pride, passion, tradition and most probably a bit of politics will get the PyeongChang Games officially under way Friday. Nearly 3,000 athletes from 93 countries are set to compete in a record 102 events across 15 different sports from February 9-25. From the participation of Russian athletes in the wake of doping scandals, and icy Siberian winds potentially rendering it the coldest Games ever, to North Korea's inclusion and free condoms, here are five things to know about PyeongChang 2018.