 Months of planning and reassurances from top city officials have done little to quiet concerns here over the potential for violent clashes between law enforcement and protest groups descending on the city ahead of this week's Republican National Convention. The GOP arrives in Cleveland amid nationwide demonstrations against police violence and in the bracing aftermath of a deadly ambush on police officers earlier this month in Dallas. Ramped up anxieties following another catastrophic terror attack on French soil present another challenge to a police department currently under federal oversight after the Justice Department determined in 2014 that it had engaged in "a pattern or practice of the use of excessive force." Tennis balls bounced from Cleveland 'event zone' -- but not guns "I am concerned about the prospects of demonstrations getting out of hand.  Nearly a dozen staff members of the California delegation at the Republican National Convention are showing symptoms of a norovirus. California Republican Party Chairman Jim Brulte told CNN Tuesday that one of the staff members brought the virus with her and infected her husband, another member of the staff. Members of the delegation were staying at a hotel in Sandusky, Ohio, and as many as 11 members are showing symptoms of the virus, said Erie County Health Commissioner Peter Schade. "We've got about 11 who have been sick over the last few days, and we've been out there every day and working with them to eliminate the spread (between) the resort and the delegation from California," Schade told STAT News.  There is a small army occupying the streets of Cleveland during the Republican National Convention this week. Federal, state and local law enforcement have taken over the city's downtown, as iron and concrete barriers throttle typically bustling thoroughfares and choke off pedestrian outlets in the 1.7 square mile "event zone" surrounding the Quicken Loans Arena. "What we're seeing here is a militarized state," Cindy Wiesner, an activist with the Grassroots Global Justice Alliance, told CNN on Tuesday. Amnesty International USA, which has human rights observers on the ground in Cleveland, said in a statement that their "delegation noted a heavy police presence that sometimes outnumbered protesters."