 Special counsel Robert Mueller is interested in asking President Donald Trump a variety of questions related to the 2016 campaign and people who have figured in Trump's personal life, business interactions and administration, according to a list of questions for Trump obtained and reported on by The New York Times. The topics, which CNN previously reported can be classified into four main areas, involve questions about Trump's former national security adviser Michael Flynn, former FBI Director James Comey, Attorney General Jeff Sessions and any Russian coordination with his presidential campaign, according to The New York Times. Mueller is leading the investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election and if there were any ties between Moscow and Trump campaign associates. Trump has repeatedly denied collusion.  President Donald Trump took to Twitter on Tuesday to slam the leak of four dozen questions special counsel Robert Mueller wants to ask the President, as reported by The New York Times. Trump's legal team compiled a list of questions the special counsel is interested in asking Trump after meeting with Mueller's legal team as part of an effort to get the President to agree to sit for an interview. The questions, like Mueller's investigation, relate to Russian efforts to influence the 2016 campaign, allegations of coordination with the Trump campaign and questions of obstruction of justice. But the President's public response to the questions botched two key facts: 1.  Special counsel Robert Mueller raised the notion of subpoenaing President Donald Trump in at least one meeting with the President's lawyers, two sources familiar with the matter tell CNN. Mueller floated the possibility of subpoenaing Trump to testify before a grand jury if he refused to sit down for an interview with the special counsel, The Washington Post first reported on Tuesday, citing four people familiar with the encounter. The exchange between special counsel investigators and Trump's lawyers, which took place in early March according to the Post, prompted Trump's then-lawyer John Dowd to respond, "This isn't some game." "You are screwing with the work of the President of the United States," Dowd continued, two people with knowledge of his comments told The Washington Post.