More than a 16 months after its ownership change, the US Department of Education's College Scorecard has not assessed Purdue University Global's online campus. Past scores of Kaplan University, conducted prior to the takeover by Purdue University, placed Kaplan's on-time graduation rate at 23 percent, similar to other Indiana schools serving non-traditional students such as Ivy Tech and Vincennes University. In the same era, the typical Kaplan student had on average 3.7 risk factors proven to lead to lower student outcomes, including being older than age 22, attending school part-time, filing taxes as an independent, having a GED, working full-time, having legal dependents other than a spouse, or being a single parent. Most Kaplan students enrolled were entirely online but of those enrolled at a physical campus, 26 percent had begun repaying their loans by 2018 after leaving school in 2015. After the return of a large number of veterans at the close of World War II, Purdue University opened over forty extension centers throughout Indiana. Through these many extension centers Purdue University offered freshman-level classes for both the purpose of the convenience of students starting their college studies close to their residence before taking the more major step of transferring to the main campus in West Lafayette, Indiana as well as the purpose of off-loading a substantial number of freshmen from scarce residential and classroom resources of which the main campus was in short supply to handle a rapid major expansion in its enrollment following the periods of smaller enrollment during both the Great Depression and World War II. According to Purdue University President Mitch Daniels, the contrast between the typical Purdue West Lafayette student and the targeted Purdue Global student is "stark." Around the time Kaplan transitioned into the Purdue system, approximately 12 percent of Purdue Global's student body were full-time students. The demographics of the student population were 71 percent female, 49 percent white, 29 percent black, 12 percent Hispanic, 1 percent Asian, 1 percent Pacific Islander, and 1 percent Native American. According to Purdue Global, 60 percent of Kaplan's students were over age 30, and the mean student income at enrollment was $22,323.