In early 2018, it was announced by the then-chairman of Wynn Resorts Steve Wynn that the company plans to purchase the property located across the street from where Wynn Las Vegas and Encore is located where the New Frontier Hotel and Casino used to be located before its demolition in 2007. The new hotel, called Wynn West, is planned to be a 2,000-3,000 room hotel. It will connect to the currently existing Beach Club outside Encore and Wynn Las Vegas by an "air conditioned umbilical hallway" that will travel across Las Vegas Boulevard. The chairman said that he is "going to get those... buildings up as fast as I can because I want to capture more of the absolutely inevitable visitor and tourist traffic that Las Vegas will experience in the next 15 to 20 years" when asked about his projects. Encore has been awarded the AAA Five Diamond Award every year since opening. The Tower Suites at Encore and The Spa have both received the Forbes Travel Guide five-star award. Encore Las Vegas and its sister property, Wynn Las Vegas collectively hold more Forbes five-star awards than any other casino-resort in the world and it is considered to be one of the finest hotels in the world. Together with adjacent Wynn Las Vegas, the entire Wynn complex has a total of 4,750 rooms, making it the world's seventh-largest hotel. Hamid Gul, the former head of Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), stated in an interview with CNN that he believed bin Laden had died many years ago, and that the official death story given out by the American media was a hoax. Furthermore, he thinks the American government knew about bin Laden's death for years, "They must have known that he had died some years ago so they were waiting. They were keeping this story on the ice and they were looking for an appropriate moment and it couldn't be a better moment because President Obama had to fight off his first salvo in his next year's election as he runs for the presidential and for the White House and I think it is a very appropriate time to come out, bring this out of the closet."