 Amid the terror, carnage and panic, it didn't take long for Nice's residents to open their doors and hearts as the city reacted to the deaths of over 80 people after a truck rammed into a crowd celebrating a national holiday. They did so by tweeting #PortesOuvertesNice which quickly started trending, with local newspaper Nice Matin one of the first to use the hashtag, which was retweeted over 3,000 times. A number of countries' Foreign Offices also shared the hashtag, as did the Nice Twitter account. One Twitter user, who has lived in NIce for five years, told CNN -- he didn't want to be identified -- that after tweeting the hashtag six French people in their twenties came to his home for shelter.  If there is one immediate lesson to be drawn from the third terrorist attack in France in 18 months, it is that little has changed beyond the techniques used to rain death and destruction on a population only barely healing from the last blow. Sadly, it's clear that the forces of law and order have developed little or no understanding of what is happening within the vast community of extremists who now seem capable of holding one of Europe's leading, yet most vulnerable, nations in their thrall. And worse yet, France continues to lack the coordination so desperately needed if the next attack is to be thwarted before it can be unleashed. Barely 12 hours before a large truck ripped through the throng strung along Nice's Promenade des Anglais to watch the fireworks marking Bastille Day, France's military might paraded in force down the Champs-Elysees in Paris, past the viewing stand where President Francois Hollande sat with his cabinet and guests, including U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry.  A day after a terrorist mowed down dozens of people celebrating Bastille Day in the coastal French city of Nice, investigators dug into the life of the man they say was the killer: A 31-year-old delivery driver and Nice resident who was born in Tunisia. Authorities said Mohamed Lahouaiej Bouhlel drove a rented, refrigerated truck weighing about 20 tons into crowds along a roughly 2-kilometer stretch of Promenade des Anglais on Thursday night, killing 84 people -- including 10 children and adolescents -- and injuring 202 others. The attack ended when police shot into the truck, killing Bouhlel, French prosecutor François Molins said Friday. Of the injured, 52 were in critical condition, and 25 were in a coma, Molins said.