The bill next went to the House Budget Committee, which passed it on March 16 by 19 to 17 votes, with three Republicans from the conservative Freedom Caucus joining Democrats in opposition. It next went to the Rules Committee, which sets the terms of the debate before a bill comes to the full House. A House vote was initially scheduled for March 23, but was delayed for at least a day after Republican leaders were unable to find enough votes for passage. On March 24, with both moderate and far-right Republican lawmakers opposing the bill, Speaker Ryan and President Trump chose to withdraw the bill from consideration rather than go through with a full House vote that would have failed.  In a large conference-style room in the basement of the U.S. Capitol, Republican members of the House, exhausted from more than two weeks of battling on the shutdown and debt ceiling crisis, met for one last time. They met in a room that had often been filled with contentious debate, snickering rebels, quiet observers and frustrated moderators. But on the night the House voted to reopen the government, the mood was different. They knew it was over. The night before the rescheduled vote, President Trump, in a final effort to negotiate with those opposing the bill, announced to the House Republicans that the vote the following day would be their only chance to repeal the Affordable Care Act, a goal long sought after by Republicans in Congress. The following morning the bill was brought to the House floor after being approved by the House Rules Committee for four hours of debate preceding the vote, which was expected in the afternoon. It was reported that a couple hours before the expected vote, Ryan made a sudden visit to the White House to meet with Trump, in which Ryan told Trump that the bill did not have enough votes to pass in the House. Shortly after the time of the expected vote it was announced that the Republicans were withdrawing the AHCA from consideration, a decision made after Ryan met with Trump.