 Newly sworn-in Attorney General Loretta Lynch called the violent Baltimore protests "counterproductive to the ultimate goal here" in a speech at the Justice Department on Wednesday. "It's easy to see Baltimore as a symbol of the issues we must all deal with," she said, but it's also a city "struggling to balance great expectations and needs with limited resources." "Baltimore is a home to more than 600,000 people, and it was their home that the peaceful protesters were trying to make better, and it was also their home that the injured officers were trying to protect," she said. RELATED: Riots test Obama's power to heal racial divide The comments were her first in public following her swearing in on Monday.  Newly sworn-in Attorney General Loretta Lynch said Monday night the Justice Department will continue its investigation into the death of Freddie Gray and send two top officials to Baltimore in an effort to quell the riots unfolding there. Lynch met Monday evening with President Barack Obama to discuss the riots in Baltimore. The meeting was not called specifically as a result of the situation in Baltimore, the White House said, but Lynch told Obama she'd be monitoring the situation there. "As our investigative process continues, I strongly urge every member of the Baltimore community to adhere to the principles of nonviolence," Lynch said in a statement.  Police and protesters are confronting each other not just on the streets of Baltimore but also on social media, where they are battling on Twitter for control of the narrative and highlighting the importance of these technologies as vital tools for reporting and responding to news. As riots rocked some neighborhoods, the Baltimore Police Department, which has 113,000 Twitter followers, sent out media advisories, updates on injured police officers and areas they considered dangerous because of fires, looting and other criminal activity. In some instances, the police referred to groups of "violent criminals" who were throwing rocks and other items at police or who were looting and destroying property. The department also made direct appeals to parents and the media for their help in getting children to stay indoors and to protesters to remain peaceful using the hashtag #PeacefulProtest.