 The number of Syrian refugees admitted to the United States increased dramatically in May and early June, marking a significant surge in the pace of resettlement for a program that has become a lightning rod for critics of the Obama administration. In fact, more Syrian refugees have arrived in the U.S. over the last five weeks than in the previous seven months, according to State Department data. Since May 1, 2,019 Syrian refugees have been admitted to the U.S., while only 1,736 were taken in over the first seven months of the fiscal year. But critics of the resettlement program -- including Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump -- worry there's potential for ISIS or other terrorist groups to exploit refugee flows to reach the West.  South Africa's government reassured citizens Monday they are in "no immediate danger" following a U.S. warning of possible terror attacks in the country during Ramadan. "We remain a strong and stable democratic country and there is no immediate danger posed by the alert," State Security Minister David Mahlobo said in a statement emailed to CNN. The statement said that South African security forces were working with U.S. officials over their concerns and would continue to focus on terrorist threats to ensure the public's safety. There was "no need to panic," it said. The State Department spokesperson is responsible for communicating the foreign policy of the United States to American and foreign media, typically in a daily press briefing. The daily press briefing typically includes a summary of the secretary of state's schedule, any upcoming trips by the secretary, the president of the United States, or other distinguished State Department officials including under secretaries and assistant secretaries, and official reactions and positions of the U.S. government on certain news of the day, followed by Q&A with journalists attending the briefing. A tradition that began during the tenure of John Foster Dulles as secretary of state in the 1950s, the daily press briefing is on-the-record, and is recorded and made available on the State Department's website.