 Iran’s president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is slated to deliver his U.N. speech later today at the U.N. general assembly. the Iranian president follows president Obama’s speech in which he laid out clear opposition to any encroachment on a nuclear Iran. co-chair, Obama campaign national security advisory committee, Michele Flournoy speaks to John Berman and Christine Romans on “starting point” about Obama’s speech. Flournoy who also served as the Under Secy. On 24 September 2012, during the opening week of the United Nations General Assembly, President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad ignored a warning by the United Nations to cease from harsh rhetoric and in reference to the founding of Israel in 1948, stated that Israel did not have any modern roots in the Middle East and would be "eliminated". He claimed that, historically, Israelis were "minimal disturbances that come into the picture and are then eliminated." His comments were condemned by the United States as "disgusting, offensive, and outrageous," and by Israel as proving that Ahmadinejad "not only threatens the future of the Jewish people, he seeks to erase our past. Three thousand years of Jewish history illustrate the clear danger of ignoring fanatics like Iran's president, especially as he inches closer to acquiring nuclear weapons."  On Wednesday, Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad will deliver his final address to the U.N. General Assembly as president of Iran. World leaders await the speech, which follow Ahmadinejad’s recent comments on eliminating Israel from the Middle East and “there will be a new world order free of American bullying.” CNN Foreign Affairs Reporter Elise Labott joins CNN’s “Starting Point” with a preview of Ahmadinejad's speech. Labott says expect to hear "more of the same" in Ahmadinejad's U.N. speech where she believes he will “double down and up the ante.” Adding that, "Ahmadinejad is “very sidelined at home, not very strong right now” and “likes to use the world stage as a bullying pulpit.” Labott says that the Iranian president’s fiery comments, such as those on “a new world order” have an audience amongst leaders at the United Nations General Assembly. Labott adds that Ahmadinejad new world order comments carry “a lot of residence with…some of these countries that do feel that the United States and the Western countries… call all the shots.”  Labott says there has been a lot of talk about Iran’s nuclear program, “but I think  going to go in the opposite direction.”