The AAGJSSCTEJUVA is perhaps the most secret secret society at the University of Virginia with its roots dating back to the late 1940s. In addition to the group's full name being secret, the exact mission of The AAGJSSCTEJUVA has yet to be uncovered. However, a manifesto from November 7, 2000 revealed that the group has historically harbored ambitions to destroy the McIntire School of Commerce and obliterate corporate power at UVA. Additionally, a recent leak in the Society's archives revealed that The AAGJSSCTEJUVA's major communications and activities have historically been initiated by an amorphous figure known as "The Simulator."  I won't take it personally if you yawn while reading this story. Chances are ,you're sleep-deprived. Sleep deprivation is such a rampant problem that last year, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention called insufficient sleep a public health epidemic. Teenagers may be suffering the most. In 1802, while serving as President of the United States, Thomas Jefferson wrote to artist Charles Willson Peale that his concept of the new university would be "on the most extensive and liberal scale that our circumstances would call for and our faculties meet," and it might even attract talented students from "other states to come, and drink of the cup of knowledge". Virginia was already home to the College of William and Mary, but Jefferson lost all confidence in his alma mater, partly because of its religious nature – it required all its students to recite a catechism – and its stifling of the sciences. Jefferson had flourished under William and Mary professors William Small and George Wythe decades earlier, but the college was in a period of great decline and his concern became so dire by 1800 that he expressed to British chemist Joseph Priestley, "we have in that State, a college just well enough endowed to draw out the miserable existence to which a miserable constitution has doomed it." These words would ring true some seventy years later when William and Mary fell bankrupt after the Civil War and the Williamsburg college was shuttered completely in 1881, later being revived in a limited capacity as a small college for teachers until well into the twentieth century.