 When Mike Pence was asked to respond to an 11-year-old girl's questions about body image and female objectification, the Republican vice presidential nominee responded by talking about foreign policy. WBNS anchor Scott Light asked Pence Thursday how he would respond to the girl, a Girl Scout who had recently visited the radio station, who told a staff member that Donald Trump's words and campaign commercials made her feel bad about looking at herself in the mirror. "I would say to any one of my kids Donald Trump and I are committed to a safer and more prosperous future for their family," Pence responded. "The weak and feckless foreign policy that Hillary Clinton promises to continue has literally caused areas of the world to spin apart.  Mike Pence on Tuesday afternoon visited the North Carolina Republican office that was firebombed and vandalized over the weekend, an act that he declared "political terrorism." "I wanted to come by to call attention to this cowardly attack on our supporters in North Carolina and to no less extent and attack on the American political system," the GOP vice presidential candidate told reporters. "This was an act of political terrorism and I have to tell you how inspired I am to see the way this community has come together and people have come together to continue to move forward undeterred, unintimidated by this senseless act of violence and we are truly inspired." The Indiana governor, who is campaigning in North Carolina for the day, made the unannounced stop at the offices of the Orange County Republican Party outside of Raleigh to bring attention to the incident and show solidarity, he told reporters.  Students at the largest Christian university in the world are protesting their president's support of Donald Trump, saying that the Republican presidential nominee "is actively promoting the very things that we as Christians ought to oppose." Some student body members of Liberty University in Lynchburg, Virginia, posted a detailed letter taking a stand against their university president ,Jerry Falwell, Jr., an early Trump supporter who has invited political candidates like Trump, Ben Carson, Bernie Sanders and Mike Pence to speak at before his students. A student group called Liberty United Against Trump published their grievances online. "We are Liberty students who are disappointed with President Falwell's endorsement and are tired of being associated with one of the worst presidential candidates in American history," according to a tweet from the group's social media coordinator Tyler McNally.