In the show, Will cheats death, but is left with total amnesia of his life before – and Massey discussed the challenges of playing a character who does not know his own past or family: "It was almost like starting with a blank canvas again. Amnesia’s often associated with some pretty drastic personality changes, so it was a chance to completely recreate Will’s personality in some sense… and yet I also tried to stay faithful to the kind of things that might be hardwired into his body.” In the storyline, amnesiac Will is shocked to learn that he cheated on his husband, and hates thinking he is the type of person who would do that. Wanting to understand, he seeks out Paul to find out how it happened... and finds himself "super attracted" to the athletic young man. Amnesiac Will really likes that Paul accepts him as he is, without expectations of who he was before, and he spontaneously kisses Paul on two occasions. Austin Reed, who's believed to be Will's father for the first two years of his life, is actually Will's uncle, being the half-brother of Will's true dad Lucas Horton. Austin is "beloved" by Will, and the two continue to have a "strong bond" after Will's real paternity is publicly revealed. Will's parents, Sami and Lucas, fight each other for custody of Will for several years, and Will's chaotic upbringing has an influence on his character. The Sony Pictures web page for Will stated his "turbulent upbringing" made the young Will "moody and suspicious", however About.com's character profile said Will overcame the turmoil of his upbringing, and grew up to be a "kind-hearted" and "level-headed" teenager. In November 2011, Days of Our Lives announced that Will would be coming out as gay. Both NBC (the show's broadcaster in the USA) and Sony Pictures Entertainment (its international distributor) approved of the storyline. Co-Executive Producer Greg Meng said "we are excited to have the encouragement and support from both NBC and Sony to tell the inspiring story of a young man learning who he is as he defines and creates his relationships with others." Massey told Entertainment Weekly that he was "thrilled" to play Will in an "empowering way that will show his struggle to accept who he is", and hoped the storyline would "inspire others to be true to themselves as well".