When Derek is offered the Chief of Surgery position for the second time, he persuades the board to keep Dr. Webber on the staff. During the merger of Seattle Grace with Mercy West their relationship sours when Derek disagreed with Richard's handling of the merger and Richard begins to display uncharacteristic behavior, not unnoticed by his fellow surgeons. Derek learns from Meredith that Richard has since resumed drinking and feels forced to have him removed as Chief of Surgery. With mixed feelings, Derek offers him an ultimatum: go into rehab and possibly pick up where he left off after, or quit altogether. The first part of the final challenge begins with the remaining six teams swimming one mile in the middle of the ocean to "Dream Island", where each team has to solve three geometric puzzles — a square, a cube and a cross. Prior to the start of the final challenge, T. J. Lavin explains to each team that there is only be room for four teams — two of each gender — on the super yacht. To get to the yacht, each team will have a 60-minute time limit to build replicas of the aforementioned shapes with oversize blocks that match each team's designated diagrams, retrieve a key to a kayak, and paddle their way to the yacht. If a team does not solve their designated puzzle within a 60-minute limit, they are permitted to retrieve a key to a kayak, provided that the other competing teams do not correctly solve their puzzles beforehand. Derek was mentioned or referenced several times in season 12 as the other characters struggle to cope with his sudden death. In the episode "My Next Life", Meredith had a flashback of their first ever surgery together when a patient named Katie Bryce was admitted to the hospital with a brain aneurysm. Amelia took his death especially hard as he was the sibling she was closest to. At the end of the season, before her wedding to Derek's long-time colleague Owen Hunt, Amelia goes on a nervous rant about how Derek was supposed to be the one to give her away, him having given away their three other sisters at their weddings.