 President Donald Trump's repeated attacks on Sen. John McCain have made it difficult for his daughter, Meghan McCain, to heal following the death of her father last August, she said Thursday. McCain was responding to reports that the White House Military Office asked lower-level US Navy officials about keeping the USS John McCain, named for the late senator's father and grandfather, out of view during Trump's trip to Japan last weekend. "It's impossible to go through the grief process when my father, who's been dead 10 months, is constantly in the news cycle because the President is so obsessed with the fact that he's never going to be a great man like he was," Meghan McCain, a co-host of ABC's "The View, said in an emotional statement at the top of Thursday's show. "It's a bizarre way to do this.  The campaign of Sen. Amy Klobuchar said she has "deep respect" for the family of John McCain after the late senator's daughter, Meghan McCain, asked the 2020 Democratic candidate to keep her father out of presidential politics. "Senator Klobuchar had a long time friendship with Senator McCain, she has defended him against President Trump's attacks in the past, and she has deep respect for his family," Klobuchar's communications director, Tim Hogan, said in a statement Monday night. "While she was simply sharing a memory, she continues to believe that the best stories about Senator McCain are not about the views he had about President Trump: they're about McCain's own valor and heroism." The back-and-forth over McCain began Saturday, when, during a campaign event, Klobuchar recalled the Arizona Republican said the names of dictators to her during President Donald Trump's inauguration speech in January 2017.  Democratic presidential candidate Amy Klobuchar on Saturday told a crowd of voters in Iowa that late Arizona Sen. John McCain "kept reciting" the names of dictators to her during President Donald Trump's inauguration speech in January 2017. "John McCain kept reciting to me names of dictators during that speech," the Minnesota senator said, "because he knew more than any of us what we were facing as a nation, he understood it." She continued: "He knew because he knew this man more than any of us did." Trump and McCain, the 2008 Republican presidential nominee, were frequently at odds over Trump's approach to campaigning and eventually, his performance as president.