 The Barr family business is breaking up. As William Barr, President Donald Trump's attorney general nominee, awaits a Senate vote to confirm his move to the top of the Justice Department, his daughter and son-in-law, both Justice Department employees, are on their way to different jobs. Mary Daly, Barr's oldest daughter and the director of Opioid Enforcement and Prevention Efforts in the deputy attorney general's office, is leaving for a position at the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN), the Treasury Department's financial crimes unit, a Justice official said. Tyler McGaughey, the husband of Barr's youngest daughter, has been detailed from the powerful US attorney's office in Alexandria, Virginia, to the White House counsel's office, two officials said. On May 30, 2019, CBS This Morning tweeted a clip from an interview with Attorney General William Barr discussing his thoughts on Mueller's remarks on May 29. "The opinion says you cannot indict a president while he's in office. But he  could've reached a decision as to whether it was criminal activity." Barr said about why the Mueller report did not determine whether Trump committed obstruction of justice: "the Deputy attorney General, Rod Rosenstein, and I felt it was necessary for us, as the heads of the department, to reach that decision."  White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said Friday that the White House isn't focused on bracing for the conclusion of special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation, despite reporting which suggests Attorney General Bill Barr is preparing to announce the completion of the investigation as early as next week. "Look, I think we're always prepared for a number of things that come at us but right now our focus is not on the Mueller report but it's on doing our jobs. It's on focusing on the things that Americans care about," Sanders told reporters at the White House. Sanders also said President Donald Trump is "following the proper process" by not calling for the Mueller report to be publicly released, emphasizing that the decision is up to Barr.