 A widening Turkish military assault on northeastern Syria and rising casualties are sharpening the focus on the domestic political calculation President Donald Trump made in effectively abandoning America's Kurdish allies in the war against ISIS. The move, which went against advice from his own diplomatic and military advisers and pleadings from Republican senators, is a classic exhibit from Trump's school of from-the-gut, "America First" foreign policy making. And he's trusting his instincts that for all the potential damage to the nation's reputation -- especially if there's a Kurdish bloodbath -- this could deliver a political dividend. "You know, we're getting out of the endless wars. In October 2019, after Trump spoke to Turkish president Tayyip Erdoğan, the White House acknowledged that Turkey would be carrying out a planned military offensive into northern Syria; as such, U.S. troops in northern Syria were withdrawn from the area to avoid interference with that operation. The statement also passed responsibility for the area's captured ISIS fighters to Turkey. In the following days, Trump suggested that the Kurds intentionally released ISIS prisoners in order to gain sympathy, suggested that they were fighting only for their own financial interests, suggested that some of them were worse than ISIS, and termed them "no angels".  During a press conference Wednesday, President Donald Trump mentioned that the Kurds did not join the US during the invasion of Normandy in 1944 as part of his defense for removing troops from northern Syria, providing Turkey with a clear shot to attack the Kurds. "Now the Kurds are fighting for their land, just so you understand," Trump said when asked if abandoning the Kurds would make it more difficult for the US to gain allies in the future. "As somebody wrote in a very very powerful article today, they didn't help us in the Second World War, they didn't help us with Normandy," Trump said, likely referring to an article posted on the right-wing website Townhall. Facts First: The Kurds as an entity did not assist the US during World War II or at Normandy in particular, but that's because they couldn't.