 China and Russia are publicly heralding a new age of diplomacy between the two countries, at a time when both are being targeted by the United States with punitive measures. During a visit to Moscow on Thursday, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi was quoted as saying relations between two countries were at "the best level in history." It comes as the United States has announced further sweeping trade actions targeted at China, revealing another $100 billion in possible tariffs on Thursday night. Meanwhile Russia faces an ongoing, international diplomatic fallout following the poisoning of former Russian double agent in the United Kingdom, for which London blames the Kremlin.  A decision by President Donald Trump to use force in retaliation for an alleged chemical weapons attack in Syria appears inevitable and imminent. But his goals in taking such action are less clear, as is the scale of the US response. Trump effectively boxed himself into acting since he placed his and America's credibility on the line by blasting a Syrian government airfield with cruise missiles following a similar outrage against civilians last year. The President vowed Monday to respond to a suspected chemical gas attack in Syria, saying the US response would be forceful.  Russia's deputy prime minister ridiculed President Donald Trump's Twitter diplomacy Friday, saying that international relations should not depend on any individual's frame of mind. "We cannot depend on the mood of someone on the other side of the ocean when he wakes up, on what a specific person takes into his head in the morning," Arkady Dvorkovich said, according to the Russian state-run news agency RIA Novosti. He did not specifically name Trump, but the US leader did threaten military action against Syria in early-morning tweets this week. As the United States considers its response to a suspected chemical attack last week in Douma, Syria, Trump's threats against Syria and Russia have been made almost entirely on Twitter.