 Jeb Bush staunchly defended Second Amendment rights in an op-ed published Monday, hitting Hillary Clinton for declaring the NRA as one of her enemies. While the op-ed is pegged to the kick-off of deer hunting season and was scheduled prior to last week's shooting at Planned Parenthood, it nonetheless comes amid the latest round of the gun control debate sparked by the violence in Colorado. The Republican presidential candidate didn't mention the Colorado shooting in his opinion piece, which was published by the Iowa Republican, but he argued that gun control measures aren't the answer to gun violence. "Liberals like Hillary Clinton always hold up gun control as a panacea to crime, even though the proposals they have put forward would have done nothing to stop any of the tragic shootings that have occurred recently in America," he wrote.  What moved a man to kill three people and wound nine others at a Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado has not been disclosed. But the suspect accused of carrying out the shooting spree, Robert Lewis Dear, made remarks about "baby parts" to investigators after his surrender, a law enforcement official told CNN. Dear, 57, told them he has anti-abortion and anti-government views, but that doesn't mean those opinions were his motive for allegedly shooting up the Colorado Springs clinic on Friday, the official said. It's too early to tell, as investigators are still processing evidence.  Responding to another high-profile episode of gun violence, President Barack Obama told the American people on Saturday that "we have to do something about the easy accessibility of weapons of war on our streets to people who have no business wielding them." Obama's statement talked up gun control efforts a day after a shooting at a Planned Parenthood building in Colorado Springs killed three people. "The last thing Americans should have to do, over the holidays or any day, is comfort the families of people killed by gun violence," Obama said. "And yet, two days after Thanksgiving, that's what we are forced to do again."