 Yet another official in the Trump administration is raising eyebrows over interactions with Russia during campaign season last year. Attorney General Jeff Sessions spoke twice with the Russian ambassador to the US, the Justice Department said Thursday, adding to the suspicion over Russia's ties to the current administration. During his confirmation hearings in January, Sessions, however, did not mention his conversations with Sergey Kislyak. At the time of the hearings, some Americans considered Russia an antagonist because of numerous reports of its interference in the US election.  Minnesota Democratic Sen. Al Franken accused Attorney General Jeff Sessions Thursday of misleading Congress and suggested the nation's top law enforcement official should recuse himself from any investigation into President Donald Trump's potential ties to Russia. "I am going to be sending (Sessions) a letter to have him explain himself, but he made a bald statement that during the campaign he had not met with the Russians," Franken said on CNN's "New Day." "That's not true." In the aftermath of revelations that Sessions twice met with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak at a time when Moscow was suspected of engaging in hacks against Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Committee, Democratic lawmakers and a number of their Republican colleagues on Capitol Hill have called on the attorney general to remove himself from any role in overseeing any investigation related to Russia.  Top House Intel Committee member Adam Schiff expressed frustration Thursday about FBI Director James Comey, saying the FBI was not forthcoming about their investigation of ties between Russia and the Trump administration, and said for the first time there should be a special prosecutor to investigate. His comments came after revelations that Attorney General Jeff Sessions met twice with Russia's ambassador to the US and failed to disclose those meetings when asked about the topic during his confirmation hearing. House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, a California Republican, shook his head and said "no" when asked if he agreed with having a special prosecutor. Nunes also reiterated he hasn't seen evidence yet of contacts between Russia and the Trump campaign.