On November 26, 2019, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo appeared to grant legitimacy to the notion that Ukraine, rather than or in addition to Russia, was behind interference in the 2016 United States elections. He had been asked by a reporter "Do you believe that the U.S. and Ukraine should investigate the theory that it was Ukraine and not Russia that hacked the DNC emails in 2016?" Pompeo responded "Any time there is information that indicates any country has messed with American elections, we not only have a right but a duty to make sure we chase that down," adding, "to protect our elections, America should leave no stone unturned." This is despite Pompeo's former role personally briefing President Trump as CIA director that Russia was behind the interference, as well as his May 2017 testimony to the Senate.  There was a scramble inside the White House on Monday over President Donald Trump's threat to shut down the southern border, three people familiar with what happened tell CNN. After acting chief of staff Mick Mulvaney said the President would follow through on his threat "unless something dramatic" happened, aides huddled in the West Wing with two goals: find a way to keep Trump from closing the border, and if that wasn't doable, figure out the logistics in case he does. Administration officials have been unable to articulate when or for how long the President would close the border, whether that closure would apply to air travel and what it would mean for the US economy. "It's something that I'm sure we'll be looking into and studying," Kevin Hassett, the chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, told reporters Monday when asked about the potential impact of a closed border.  A former State Department official turned congressman questioned Mike Pompeo on Kim Jong Un's culpability for human rights violations, pressing the Secretary of State to answer how such a person could be likeable. Rep. Tom Malinowski, a former assistant secretary of state for democracy, human rights and labor, asked Pompeo whether the North Korean leader was responsible for the country's labor camps and the deaths of his uncle and half-brother. To each of those questions, Pompeo replied, "He's the leader of the country." The New Jersey Democrat then asked whether Kim "was responsible for the decision not to allow Otto Warmbier to come home until he was on death's door."