Amid that controversy and questions over Williams' claims that made regarding his experiences while reporting from New Orleans on the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in August 2005, including that he contracted dysentery from accidentally ingesting flood water, the news division decided to launch an internal investigation into the matter that would be conducted through its investigative unit. On February 7, 2015, Williams stated in a memo to NBC News staff that he would take himself "off the daily broadcast for the next several days," with Lester Holt substituting for him on the weeknight broadcasts. Brian Douglas Williams (born May 5, 1959) is an American journalist at NBC News, currently serving as the chief anchor for the network's cable news channel MSNBC and as host of the network's nightly wrap-up program, The 11th Hour with Brian Williams.Williams is known for his ten years as anchor and managing editor of NBC Nightly News, the evening news program of the NBC television network. After Williams joined the program in December 2004, NBC News was awarded the Peabody Award for its coverage of Hurricane Katrina, and Williams accepted the award on behalf of the organization. In February 2015, Williams was suspended for six months from his position as Managing Editor and Anchor of NBC Nightly News for "misrepresent events which occurred while he was covering the Iraq War in 2003", and on June 18, 2015 he was demoted to breaking news anchor for MSNBC. Williams became anchor of NBC Nightly News on December 2, 2004, replacing the retiring Tom Brokaw. His coverage of Hurricane Katrina was widely praised, particularly "for venting his anger and frustration over the government's failure to act quickly to help the victims." The network was awarded a Peabody, the committee concluding that "... Williams, and the entire staff of NBC Nightly News exemplified the highest levels of journalistic excellence." NBC Nightly News also earned the George Polk Award and the duPont-Columbia University Award for its Katrina coverage.