 Our greatest presidents were by and large men who kept their private thoughts and feelings to themselves and didn't share them with many others, even while they projected larger than life public personas on the national stage. Donald Trump, on the other hand, and not to put too fine a point on it, seems to say what's on his mind in public; he's unscripted and unplugged and far too often does not fully appreciate the consequences his words carry. Still, even by Trumpian standards, the leaked transcripts of his two conversations with Mexico's President Enrique Pena Nieto and  Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull are quite revealing in both style and substance. Indeed, in addition to raising the obvious question of why there seem to be so many leaks in this White House, the conversations reflect Trump's thinking on how his world relates to the foreign leaders with whom he's dealing.  President Trump's turn toward a general who radiates a calm sense of command signals he is truly distressed. North Korea's missile tests, massive legislative failures and record-low poll numbers would rattle anyone, but must surely be worse for a man whose constant claims to confidence and success suggest that he is, in fact, deeply conflicted about his own competence. In addition, for a man who prizes loyalty and surrounds himself with family instead of those with policy expertise, Donald Trump's elevation of John Kelly to a position in which Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner will report to him instead of directly to the President further speaks to a sense of inner panic. A respected Marine Corps general, Kelly is expected to bring order to a White House that is perhaps the most chaotic and dysfunctional in history but is so burdened by infighting and intrigue that officials generally avoid uttering obvious truths, except when they leak to reporters.  Even by the standards of Donald Trump's presidency, this week has been extraordinarily chaotic and, more importantly, disastrous for the President's agenda. Just hours before Senate Republicans failed to choke the life out of the health care program known as Obamacare -- a top domestic priority for the administration -- the entire Senate, Democrats and Republicans, voted on imposing new Russia sanctions, effectively tying the President's hands on dealing with that country. Then, on Friday morning Russia announced its own sanctions against the United States, ordering a cut in the number of US diplomats and the seizure of two US properties in Russia. The move echoed sanctions imposed by President Barack Obama just before leaving office to punish Russia for interfering in the US election.