 John Bolton promised President Donald Trump that "he wouldn't start any wars" if he were hired to be the third national security adviser at the White House in just 14 months -- a claim that generated skepticism across Washington. Bolton, a hawkish neoconservative, has advocated war with Iran and a pre-emptive strike on North Korea, and remains an unapologetic supporter of the Iraq War despite the flawed intelligence used to justify the US invasion. So the claim that Bolton would avoid conflict, described to CNN by a source familiar with negotiations between the President and the former ambassador to the UN, raised eyebrows when news broke Thursday that Trump was ousting H.R. McMaster and replacing him with the 69-year-old Baltimore native.  Iraq War veteran Sen. Tammy Duckworth slammed John Bolton's selection as national security adviser over his role in that conflict. "John Bolton's disastrous record during the Bush administration is all the proof anyone should need that he lacks the judgment necessary to serve as National Security Advisor," the Illinois Democrat said in a statement released early Friday morning. "He didn't just aggressively push for war with Iraq, he was confident that Saddam Hussein possessed weapons of mass destruction," she continued. "When confronted with the reality that Hussein had no such weapons, Bolton stubbornly insisted that the Iraq War was still a good idea."  John Bolton said on Thursday that his past policy statements are "behind me" and that, after taking over next month as President Donald Trump's national security adviser, "The important thing is what the President says and the advice I give him." But Bolton's history of provocative, often bellicose pronouncements, typically in the form of calls to bomb countries like Iran and North Korea -- along with his unwavering support, before and after, for the 2003 invasion of Iraq -- are impossible to pass off, especially as Trump considers tearing up the Iran nuclear deal and prepares for talks with Pyongyang. What follows is a small sampling of Bolton's rhetoric, dating back to the post-9/11 period. Back then, while working in the Bush administration, Bolton made the case at home and abroad that Saddam Hussein possessed weapons of mass destruction and that the US role in the aftermath of regime change in Iraq would be "fairly minimal."