 Labor Secretary Alex Acosta maintained Wednesday he secured the best deal he could when he helped prosecute financier Jeffrey Epstein for sex crimes a decade ago, but acknowledged the terms look lenient with the passage of time. Still, Acosta stopped short of apologizing for -- or even saying that he regretted -- his actions, which have come under renewed scrutiny after Epstein was indicted on fresh sex trafficking charges this week. And he staunchly defended his relationship with President Donald Trump, who encouraged him to speak with reporters about his role in the Epstein matter amid calls for his resignation. Afterward, officials said Trump remained supportive of his labor secretary.  Sen. Tim Kaine on Tuesday blasted the 2008 plea deal that Labor Secretary Alex Acosta -- then the US attorney in Miami -- helped secure for multi-millionaire Jeffrey Epstein, calling it "a sweetheart deal" that allowed Epstein to continue engaging in illegal behavior. The 2008 non-prosecution deal that Acosta oversaw allowed Epstein to plead guilty to two state prostitution charges and serve just 13 months in prison despite a federal investigation identifying 36 underage abuse victims. The deal has come under renewed scrutiny after Epstein was charged Monday with having allegedly operated a sex trafficking ring in which he allegedly sexually abused dozens of underage girls. "The deal that Secretary Acosta cut was illegal, it was secret and they hid it from the victims," the Virginia Democrat told CNN's Jake Tapper on "The Lead."  A day after his labor secretary convened a news conference defending himself against accusations of prosecutorial malfeasance, President Donald Trump is questioning whether Alex Acosta's efforts were sufficient in quieting the uproar, people familiar with the matter said. Trump has remained publicly silent in the 24 hours since Acosta held the question-and-answer session -- at the President's urging -- to defend his role in financier Jeffrey Epstein's plea agreement over sexual assault allegations, which critics have bemoaned as woefully lenient. Epstein was ultimately sentenced to time behind bars -- but served only 13 months and was allowed to leave for long stretches to work from his office. He avoided a federal trial but did have to register as a sex offender.