 Australian filmmaker James Ricketson is set to be released from prison in Cambodia Friday after receiving a royal pardon, his attorney has told CNN. The 69-year-old was arrested in Cambodia in June 2017 after flying a drone over a rally organized by the Cambodia National Rescue Party, an opposition group that was later dissolved by the government. Ricketson was found guilty of espionage on August 31, 2018 and sentenced to six years in prison. On Friday, Sam Onn Kong, Ricketson's attorney, told CNN that his client "never had any malicious intent toward Cambodia."  On Friday morning, former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort agreed to cooperate with special counsel Robert Mueller's probe into Russian influence and interference by the Russian government in the 2016 presidential election. And boom goes the dynamite. That plea deal, which comes on the heels of Manafort's conviction on eight felony counts of financial wrongdoing during a Virginia trial and on the verge of a second trial in Washington on similar charges, is a massive development -- and one that brings Mueller ever closer to President Donald Trump and his innermost circle. Despite Trump's repeated assertions that Manafort was with his campaign for a very short time, the facts are these: Manafort ran the Trump campaign for an extremely critical period of time -- from April 2016, when he was brought in to fend off a possible delegate fight being launched by Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, until after the party's national convention in which Trump was formally nominated as the Republican presidential nominee.  Former independent counsel Ken Starr said Sunday that "we're much closer to getting the truth than we were before" former campaign chairman Paul Manafort pleaded guilty to several federal crimes and agreed to cooperate with special counsel Robert Mueller on Friday. Asked by CNN's Jake Tapper on "State of the Union" whether President Donald Trump's lawyer Rudy Giuliani's changing statements on the implications of Manafort's plea deal suggest that the President's legal team will soon go after Manafort, Starr said that Manafort's previous proximity to Trump could result in "more delicate" treatment than Giuliani's previous attacks on Mueller. "I think that the Trump White House and the lawyers are taking a page from the Clinton playbook: Attack the prosecutor," Starr said. "This is more delicate because now you have someone very close to the President, at least for a while, the campaign manager.