 For months and months, liberals have insisted that Russia has something on Donald Trump -- some sort of compromising material ("Kompromat") that made the American President repeatedly call into question the idea that Russia meddled in the 2016 election and was likely to continue to do so in future campaigns. And for all of that time, there was a resistance within the more establishment elements of the political world to give credence to what was widely regarded as a conspiracy theory. Sure, Trump ignored the unanimous conclusion of the intelligence community that Russia interfered in the election to help him and hurt Hillary Clinton. And sure, he seemed loath to say a negative word about Russian President Vladimir Putin.  Anyone who needs confirmation of the secret of a strongman -- that he's a weak man, in constant need of ego affirmation -- need only look at images of the Helsinki "summit" between American President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin, which revealed the insecurities of both men underneath the façade of power,  and Trump's submissiveness to Putin in particular. Here is a selection of those images captured by photo journalists. Of course, they don't convey every moment of the meeting, but they are consistent with what we saw on air during their appearances together. There are many other such similar images -- each seemingly more awkward than the last -- in which the subjects tell more of a story than they may have wanted through physical cues.  The White House told the Justice Department not to hold off on announcing the indictment of 12 Russian intelligence officers until after President Donald Trump's meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin, according to sources familiar with the decision. Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein told reporters Friday that the President was "fully aware" of the department's actions, but the details surrounding the timing of last week's indictment, first reported by Bloomberg, illustrate the high-wire act for top Justice Department officials in the midst of an investigation Trump has called a "disaster." Justice Department officials were mindful of Trump's upcoming meeting with Putin so Rosenstein briefed Trump on July 9 about the forthcoming indictment before the President left on his European trip, the sources said. The timing of the indictment was discussed, but no decisions were made at the meeting.