 Hillary Clinton is preparing for Monday's debate at a hotel near her home in Chappaqua, New York, according to sources familiar with the preparations. Clinton has been hunkered down in the hotel for several days preparing for the debate, working with her closest aides to take on Donald Trump at Hofstra University on Monday. She was seen leaving the hotel on Saturday. A longtime Clinton confidant is portraying Trump in her practice debate sessions, two people familiar with the debate preparations tell CNN.  Hillary Clinton is visiting only two battleground states this week -- hardly a sign of confidence at her standing 49 days before the election, but an acknowledgement that one task reigns above all: Preparing for her first face-to-face confrontation with Donald Trump. While she is set to make a quick trip to Florida on Wednesday, after dipping into Pennsylvania on Monday, Clinton will devote the lion's share of her time huddling with her debate team, gaming out how she will confront Trump next Monday night at Hofstra University. The lead Clinton enjoyed for months in swing state and national polls has all but evaporated, raising the stakes for the first debate. The terrorism investigation in New York and New Jersey has also added to the urgency of her first meeting with Trump, which will touch on a litany of economic and security issues.  Donald Trump's campaign manager and running mate said Sunday the GOP candidate doesn't want Gennifer Flowers -- who had an affair with Bill Clinton in the 1970s -- at Monday night's presidential debate. "We have not invited her formally, and we do not expect her to be there as a guest of the Trump campaign," Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway told CNN's Jake Tapper on "State of the Union." Clinton, Trump poised for historic debate battle Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, Trump's vice presidential nominee, told "Fox News Sunday" host Chris Wallace that Trump's suggestion he'd invite Flowers was just "mocking" Clinton's campaign for distracting from the real issues at stake on Monday night.