 President Barack Obama said federal law enforcement officials are investigating the mass shooting at a gay nightclub in Orlando as an act of terrorism. "We know enough to say this was an act of terror and an act of hate," Obama said in a brief statement from the White House on Sunday afternoon. "The FBI is appropriately investigating this as an act of terror. We will go wherever the facts lead us ... What is clear is he was a person filled with hatred."  Frustrated Democrats chanted "where's the bill, where's the bill" on the House floor Monday as they tried to demand action from the Republican majority on gun control legislation. The loud and emotional outcry came after lawmakers observed a moment of silence for the scores of people killed and injured in the mass shooting in Orlando over the weekend. Rep. James Clyburn, D-South Carolina, then rose to speak about the upcoming one-year anniversary of a deadly shooting at a church in Charleston where nine people were killed and attempted to ask GOP leaders when gun control legislation would be considered. But Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wisconsin, gaveled down Clyburn and other Democrats -- many wearing rainbow ribbons on their lapels in honor of the LGBT victims in Orlando -- and ordered the House to vote on an unrelated pending matter, further angering Democrats who felt they were disrespected.  Within hours, the Orlando mass shooting at a gay nightclub set off renewed political debates -- with Democrats calling for gun control and Republicans blasting "radical Islamic terrorism." At least 50 people were killed and 53 more wounded Sunday, making it the deadliest mass shooting in American history. Each side called those causes critical to preventing future shootings -- but there are no signs that the dynamics in Congress have changed, leaving measures like new gun laws no path forward. Late Sunday afternoon Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, said President Barack Obama was far too timid in his White House appearance.