 The top Republican on the Senate Judiciary Committee said Tuesday that if President Donald Trump were to fire special counsel Robert Mueller, "it would be suicide." "I think it would be suicide for the President to fire him," Iowa Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley told CNN. "I think the less the President says about this whole thing, the better off he will be. And I think Mueller is a person of stature and respected and I respect him.  President Donald Trump insisted Wednesday morning that the mood in the White House was "very calm" despite an avalanche of reports that he's reeling over developments related to special counsel Robert Mueller's Russia investigation. But Trump also called out embattled Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who, according to multiple people familiar with the discussions, is under consideration by the President to be fired in a potential effort to put greater limits on Mueller. "So much Fake News about what is going on in the White House," Trump first tweeted, adding that the state of the West Wing is "very calm and calculated." The President continued: "I (we) are doing things that nobody thought possible, despite the never ending and corrupt Russia Investigation, which takes tremendous time and focus.  Supporters of President Donald Trump are already claiming he is all but in the clear following revelations that he is not a target of special counsel Robert Mueller's Russia investigation. The disclosure, which comes at a moment when Mueller's probe appears to be gathering pace and breadth, may help the White House breathe easier, but it actually falls well short of the vindication the President seeks, at least for now. That's partly because few observers expected Mueller to make Trump a target of his criminal investigation owing to the legal uncertainty over whether a sitting president can be indicted. CNN's Gloria Borger and Evan Perez reported Wednesday that even though the President is not the target of his inquiries, he is more than a witness in the investigation -- he's considered a "subject" of the probe.