The Pulitzer Prize Advisory Board officially announced: "After more than a year of studying the Prize, now in its 61st year, the Pulitzer Prize Board declares its strong desire to consider and honor the full range of distinguished American musical compositions—from the contemporary classical symphony to jazz, opera, choral, musical theater, movie scores and other forms of musical excellence...Through the years, the Prize has been awarded chiefly to composers of classical music and, quite properly, that has been of large importance to the arts community. However, despite some past efforts to broaden the competition, only once has the Prize gone to a jazz composition, a musical drama or a movie score. In the late 1990s, the Board took tacit note of the criticism leveled at its predecessors for failure to cite two of the country's foremost jazz composers. It bestowed a Special Citation on George Gershwin marking the 1998 centennial celebration of his birth and Duke Ellington on his 1999 centennial year. The Pulitzer Prize Board announced the new category in November 1984, citing a series of explanatory articles that seven months earlier had won the Pulitzer Prize for Feature Writing. The series, "Making It Fly" by Peter Rinearson of The Seattle Times, was a 29,000-word account of the development of the Boeing 757 jetliner. It had been entered in the National Reporting category, but judges moved it to Feature Writing to award it a prize. In the aftermath, the Pulitzer Prize Board said it was creating the new category in part because of the ambiguity about where explanatory accounts such as "Making It Fly" should be recognized.  After a year that included yet another string of horrific mass shootings, the Pulitzer Prize board paid homage to the journalistic response to the tragedies on Monday. The South Florida Sun Sentinel claimed the Pulitzer for Public Service for its reporting on the "failings by school and law enforcement officials before and after" the deadly shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, while the staff of the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette won the award for breaking news reporting for its "immersive, compassionate coverage of the massacre at Pittsburgh's Tree of Life synagogue that captured the anguish and resilience of a community thrust into grief." And the Pulitzer board paid homage to the staff of the Capital Gazette in Annapolis, Maryland, with a "special citation" to honor the paper for its "courageous response to the largest killing of journalists in U.S. history in their newsroom on June 28, 2018, and for demonstrating unflagging commitment to covering the news and serving their community at a time of unspeakable grief." As part of the citation, the board will extend a $100,000 bequest to the Capital Gazette to advance its journalistic mission.