 The House Judiciary Committee will vote Thursday on a resolution to define the parameters of its impeachment investigation into President Donald Trump, the panel announced Monday. As CNN previously reported, the resolution will formalize the committee's probe, laying out the ground rules for potential impeachment hearings as part of the investigation that House Judiciary Chairman Jerry Nadler says will determine whether the committee introduces articles of impeachment against the President. The steps that the committee will take with its resolution on Thursday are largely procedural, but they nevertheless represent a step forward for the panel's impeachment investigation, after the committee argued in court filings earlier this summer it did not need the full House to vote on a formal impeachment inquiry. LIST: The 134 House Democrats calling for an impeachment inquiry into Trump Democratic aides on the House Judiciary Committee said Monday that the committee's aim is to recommend articles of impeachment by the end of the year, saying there is "no question" that the committee is now engaged in an impeachment investigation.  House Judiciary Chairman Jerry Nadler and other committee Democrats say there's no ambiguity: They are now conducting an impeachment inquiry into President Donald Trump. "It has been an impeachment inquiry and it continues to be," Nadler said this week. But Democratic leaders have a different take. "We are doing the same thing we've been doing: We're trying to ferret out the truth," House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer, a Democrat from Maryland, told CNN when asked if the panel was mounting an impeachment investigation, echoing Speaker Nancy Pelosi private comments to Democrats that the committee's moves are a "continuation" of their existing probes.  It didn't take long for freshman Rep. Katie Porter to get the question that's been roiling House Democrats this summer: Should Congress impeach President Donald Trump? When a constituent told her that "impeachment was a mistake" -- because it would help Trump politically -- in her first question at an August town hall in her home district, the California Democrat didn't hesitate. "I came out in favor of impeaching Donald Trump because no American, especially not a democratically elected President, can be above the rule of law," Porter said, sparking rousing applause from the several hundred attendees packed into the Islamic Center of Irvine on a recent Saturday afternoon. "I was one of the first people who flipped a seat to come out on this," she continued.