 President Donald Trump on Monday urged Venezuelan military officials to back the country's self-declared interim president Juan Guaido and allow humanitarian aid to flow into Venezuela. Speaking in Miami as humanitarian aid remained stalled at the Venezuelan border, Trump decried President Nicolas Maduro as a "Cuban puppet" and warned officials who have helped keep him in power that "the eyes of the entire world are upon you." The speech was Trump's latest effort to ramp up the public pressure on the Venezuelan autocrat following a series of US-led sanctions and diplomatic maneuvers aimed at ousting Maduro. "Two days ago the first US Air Force C-17 landed in Colombia loaded with crucial assistance, including thousands of nutrition kits for little Venezuelan children," Trump said.  Vice President Mike Pence said the US will impose additional sanctions on Venezuelan leaders and pledged more aid to the region as he called on nations to do more to confront embattled President Nicolas Maduro's government. "To leaders around the world: It's time," Pence said in Bogota, Colombia, on Monday. "There can be no bystanders in Venezuela's struggle for freedom." "Nicolas Maduro is a usurper with no legitimate claim to power, and Nicolas Maduro must go," Pence said.  Venezuela's self-declared interim president and opposition leader, Juan Guaido, is set to meet US Vice President Mike Pence in the Colombian capital Bogota Monday, following a weekend of deadly violence at the Venezuelan border. Fresh violence erupted after the Venezuelan military blocked food and supplies from crossing the border from Colombia. The Colombian foreign minister said 285 people were hurt, and 37 hospitalized, after the Venezuelan National Guard fired tear gas and rubber bullets at protesters near the Colombian border Saturday. Guaido, who is battling President Nicolas Maduro for control of the country, had called for other nations to send aid to Venezuela in response to worsening food and medicine shortages.