 The indictment of multimillionaire Jeffrey Epstein on Monday brought forth lurid details about his alleged sex trafficking of underage girls, and vivid descriptions of his extravagant lifestyle. But at the heart of the case against him is a series of thorny legal issues -- and both the prosecution and his defense team have indicated they will argue them aggressively in the coming months. Central to the legal disputes will be the nonprosecution agreement that Epstein struck in 2007 with federal prosecutors in Florida, which said they would not prosecute him for federal sex-trafficking charges and instead allow him to plead guilty to lesser state crimes. That agreement says there will be no prosecution of Epstein "in this district" -- meaning the Southern District of Florida -- though it doesn't include language specifically precluding other districts from prosecuting him, an addition that is common in such documents.  Sen. Tim Kaine on Tuesday blasted the 2008 plea deal that Labor Secretary Alex Acosta -- then the US attorney in Miami -- helped secure for multi-millionaire Jeffrey Epstein, calling it "a sweetheart deal" that allowed Epstein to continue engaging in illegal behavior. The 2008 non-prosecution deal that Acosta oversaw allowed Epstein to plead guilty to two state prostitution charges and serve just 13 months in prison despite a federal investigation identifying 36 underage abuse victims. The deal has come under renewed scrutiny after Epstein was charged Monday with having allegedly operated a sex trafficking ring in which he allegedly sexually abused dozens of underage girls. "The deal that Secretary Acosta cut was illegal, it was secret and they hid it from the victims," the Virginia Democrat told CNN's Jake Tapper on "The Lead."  Top congressional Democrats are calling for Labor Secretary Alexander Acosta to resign over his handling more than a decade ago of a plea deal for multi-millionaire Jeffrey Epstein amid a debate on Capitol Hill over whether Congress should investigate the agreement. Federal prosecutors in New York unsealed a criminal indictment on Monday charging Epstein with having allegedly operated a sex trafficking ring in which he sexually abused dozens of underage girls. Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer on Tuesday called for Acosta's resignation after accusing him of having "cut Epstein a sweetheart deal while Acosta was a US attorney in Florida in 2008." In remarks on the Senate floor, Schumer said that "it is now impossible for anyone to have confidence in Secretary Acosta's ability to lead the Department of Labor.