 Christine Blasey Ford, the woman who has accused Brett Kavanaugh of sexual assault, will speak to the FBI on Friday in San Francisco about the death threats against her, a source close to Ford tells CNN. The FBI investigation pertains only to the threats Ford has received since coming public with her allegations last weekend; it is not about the assault accusations against the Supreme Court nominee. Ford has alleged that Kavanaugh sexually assaulted her in the early 1980s by pushing her into a bedroom at a party and attempting to remove her clothes. Kavanaugh has categorically denied the allegation.  Democratic Sens. Mazie Hirono and Kirsten Gillibrand on Thursday heavily criticized GOP senators' handling of a sexual assault allegation against Supreme Court Justice nominee Brett Kavanaugh and asserted that the incident, as well as death threats against the woman making the accusation, should be investigated by the FBI. "Why isn't Judge Kavanaugh asking for an FBI investigation if (he has) nothing to hide?" Hirono asked during a news conference introducing a letter from 1,000 alumnae of the Holton-Arms School supporting Christine Blasey Ford, who was attending the school when she alleges Kavanaugh sexually assaulted her.  If Democrats win in November, they will look into the accusations levied against Judge Brett Kavanaugh -- even if he's been confirmed to the Supreme Court -- Democratic Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse told CNN's Jake Tapper Thursday. "This is such bad practice that even if they were to ram this guy through, as soon as Democrats get gavels, we're going to want to get to the bottom of this," the Rhode Island senator said on CNN's "The Lead with Jake Tapper." Kavanaugh is facing allegations of sexual assault after Christine Blasey Ford came forward with a personal account that she says took place more than 30 years ago while they were both at a party in high school. Kavanaugh has repeatedly denied the accusations, but the next steps in his confirmation process have yet to be determined.