 Concerns over security in Cleveland have been ramping up ahead of next week's Republican National Convention -- and are now further inflamed by recent incidents of racial violence that have wracked the country. With Donald Trump expected to formally accept the GOP's presidential nomination, numerous protest groups for and against the billionaire developer are preparing to launch dozens of rallies and marches across the Ohio city, which is anticipating 50,000 visitors for the GOP's quadrennial gathering. 5 takeaways from Paul Ryan's CNN town hall And the blame game for whatever could go wrong in the streets has already begun. Throughout the primaries, Trump's campaign was marked by racial tensions and spasms of violence both inside his events and the surrounding areas.  Nearly a dozen staff members of the California delegation at the Republican National Convention are showing symptoms of a norovirus. California Republican Party Chairman Jim Brulte told CNN Tuesday that one of the staff members brought the virus with her and infected her husband, another member of the staff. Members of the delegation were staying at a hotel in Sandusky, Ohio, and as many as 11 members are showing symptoms of the virus, said Erie County Health Commissioner Peter Schade. "We've got about 11 who have been sick over the last few days, and we've been out there every day and working with them to eliminate the spread (between) the resort and the delegation from California," Schade told STAT News.  Donald Trump has never faced more pressure on the national stage than he will Thursday evening when he accepts the Republican nomination. This week's Republican National Convention has been dominated by unexpected fireworks ranging from the plagiarized speech his wife delivered and the way the campaign prolonged the episode to Ted Cruz's shocking address Wednesday in which he refused to endorse Trump and encouraged Americans to vote their conscience. Cruz's speech exposed the deep divisions that remain in the party after the fractious primary. But beyond the Cleveland drama, Trump faces a more difficult long-term challenge: fashioning a message that can at once soothe concerns among scores of independent women while still firing up the white men who are angry about the direction of the country.