 Rand Paul joked Tuesday that he hopes the Fox Business Network debate ends with him being the Republican presidential nominee. "I'm hoping that after this, the rest of them will drop out and just let me be their nominee," he told reporters in Milwaukee. RELATED: Republican debate: 6 things to watch  The Kentucky senator hosted a school choice roundtable at Shining Star Christian School hours before he was to take the stage. For the first time this cycle, Tuesday's prime-time Republican debate in Milwaukee will feature just eight candidates from the unusually large field.  New Jersey Governor Chris Christie and former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee have failed to qualify for the prime time Republican debate on November 10, making them the first top-tier candidates to be relegated to the undercard round, Fox Business Network announced Thursday. Meanwhile, former New York Governor George Pataki and South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham failed to qualify for the undercard debate, meaning they will not appear at all when Republicans gather in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, next week. The relegations could further winnow a Republican field that remains crowded with 15 candidates, the vast majority of whom are polling in the single digits. While Christie and Huckabee will still have an (albeit diminished) audience at 7 p.m., Graham and Pataki now find themselves barred from the platform they had come to rely on for media attention. Paul indicated in December 2015 that he would not participate in any undercard debate should he not qualify for the main stage, reasoning that his campaign was "first-tier" and would be demoted in participating in a "second-tier debate." Though Paul did not meet the qualifications for that month's CNN debate, entailing that a candidate poll at least at 3.5% nationally or 4% in either Iowa or New Hampshire, a Fox News poll released on December 13 had Paul with 5% of support in the Iowa Republican presidential caucus, allowing his inclusion. Paul announced on January 11 that he would not participate in that month's South Carolina debate after being relegated to the undercard one. Though not present for the debate, Paul's name was briefly shouted by protestors.