 The sex trafficking indictment against multi-millionaire Jeffrey Epstein dates to incidents between 2002 and 2005 and contains allegations that have been public for more than a decade. Why, then, did prosecutors in New York move to arrest Epstein on Saturday and unseal a federal indictment against him on Monday? Why did this case happen now? US Attorney Geoffrey Berman declined to spell out the case's exact origins but said it remained vital all these years later.  Sen. Tim Kaine on Tuesday blasted the 2008 plea deal that Labor Secretary Alex Acosta -- then the US attorney in Miami -- helped secure for multi-millionaire Jeffrey Epstein, calling it "a sweetheart deal" that allowed Epstein to continue engaging in illegal behavior. The 2008 non-prosecution deal that Acosta oversaw allowed Epstein to plead guilty to two state prostitution charges and serve just 13 months in prison despite a federal investigation identifying 36 underage abuse victims. The deal has come under renewed scrutiny after Epstein was charged Monday with having allegedly operated a sex trafficking ring in which he allegedly sexually abused dozens of underage girls. "The deal that Secretary Acosta cut was illegal, it was secret and they hid it from the victims," the Virginia Democrat told CNN's Jake Tapper on "The Lead."  Labor Secretary Alex Acosta, who as US Attorney in Miami oversaw a 2008 plea deal with Jeffrey Epstein, defended on Tuesday his handling of the case and tweeted he is pleased "prosecutors are moving forward." "The crimes committed by Epstein are horrific, and I am pleased that NY prosecutors are moving forward with a case based on new evidence," Acosta wrote in a series of tweets on Tuesday. "With the evidence available more than a decade ago, federal prosecutors insisted that Epstein go to jail, register as a sex offender and put the world on notice that he was a sexual predator." In his latest tweet in the series, Acosta wrote, "Now that new evidence and additional testimony is available, the NY prosecution offers an important opportunity to more fully bring him to justice."