EU-OSHA is active in raising awareness about occupational safety and health and these issues are promoted primarily through Healthy Workplaces Campaigns, which have been run with partners in the EU's Member States since 2000. Each campaign runs for two years and has a different focus. The current campaign, Working together for risk prevention, is concerned with encouraging "managers, workers and other stakeholders to join forces to improve safety and health". As part of each campaign EU-OSHA produces "information, practical guides and tools, and publicity material freely available, translated into more than 20 European languages" The campaigns run in partnership between EU-OSHA and more than 80 campaign partners, as well as through the agencies' network of national focal points and the Enterprise Europe Network. Construction is one of the most dangerous occupations in the world, incurring more occupational fatalities than any other sector in both the United States and in the European Union. In 2009, the fatal occupational injury rate among construction workers in the United States was nearly three times that for all workers. Falls are one of the most common causes of fatal and non-fatal injuries among construction workers. Proper safety equipment such as harnesses and guardrails and procedures such as securing ladders and inspecting scaffolding can curtail the risk of occupational injuries in the construction industry. In Canada, workers are covered by provincial or federal labour codes depending on the sector in which they work. Workers covered by federal legislation (including those in mining, transportation, and federal employment) are covered by the Canada Labour Code; all other workers are covered by the health and safety legislation of the province in which they work. The Canadian Centre for Occupational Health and Safety (CCOHS), an agency of the Government of Canada, was created in 1966 by an Act of Parliament. The act was based on the belief that all Canadians had "...a fundamental right to a healthy and safe working environment."