 Federal aid helped many cash-strapped Americans keep a roof over their heads during the prolonged economic slump, but the number of people living a step away from the streets has grown sharply, researchers reported Wednesday. The estimated U.S. homeless population dipped about 1% between 2009 and 2011 despite the lingering effects of the 2007-2009 recession, the Washington-based Homelessness Research Institute concluded. About $1.5 billion from the 2009 economic stimulus measure went toward rental assistance and programs steering recently evicted people toward new housing, "and it seems likely that that has worked," said Nan Roman, president of the National Alliance to End Homelessness. Nevertheless, the homeless population went up in 24 states during the past two years, the Washington-based researchers found.  Kevin Smith used to think he led a comfortable middle-class existence that included a car and a home in a subdivision in Raleigh, North Carolina. But then he lost his job and felt himself slipping into the have-not corner. He, like a majority of Americans who responded to a new survey issued Wednesday, believes the gap between America's rich and poor is getting wider. He isn't resentful of people who sleep in mansions and drive swank cars, but he is angry at a system that he says allows the greedy to take advantage of people.  More than 1,000 South American women who have breast implants made by a bankrupt French company are taking legal action to get money for replacement surgery, attorneys said Tuesday. In Venezuela, a group of more than 1,500 women who have breast implants made by Poly Implant Prostheses (PIP) have filed a lawsuit against the company's distributors, attorney Gilberto Andrea said. And a group of 500 Argentinian women with the implants are asking for the creation of a government fund in Europe to compensate victims, according to an attorney who represents the association's president. The PIP implants were banned last year in Europe because they were made with harmful, industrial-grade silicone and prone to rupture.