 Ivanka Trump has decided to shut down her company after deciding to pursue a career in public policy instead of returning to her fashion company. Trump's clothing and accessory business has been operating with limitations to reduce potential violations of ethics laws and the perceptions she's profiteering off her White House role. Given those restrictions, Ivanka, who serves as a senior adviser to President Donald Trump, decided it didn't make sense to keep the company running if she's not returning after her father's presidency, two people with knowledge of her decision-making process told CNN. "When we first started this brand, no one could have predicted the success that we would achieve. In April 2018, Trump enacted a "zero tolerance" immigration policy that temporarily took adults irregularly entering the U.S. into custody for criminal prosecution and forcibly separated children from parents, eliminating the policy of previous administrations, which had made exceptions for families with children. By mid-June, more than 2,300 children had been placed in shelters, including Department of Health and Human Services-designated "tender age" shelters for children under thirteen, culminating in demands from Democrats, Republicans, Trump allies, and religious groups that the policy be rescinded. Trump falsely asserted that his administration was merely following the law. On June 20, Trump signed an executive order to end family separations at the U.S. border. On June 17, 2018, Melania was referring to the Trump administration's "Zero Tolerance" immigration policy under which children were separated from their parents when she stated that she "hates to see children separated from their families" and wants there to be "successful immigration reform." On June 21, she made a hastily planned trip to Texas to get a firsthand look at the crisis affecting immigrant families at the U.S. border. She attended a roundtable with doctors, medical staff, social workers and other experts at Upbring New Hope Children's Shelter.