Criticism of Buttigieg's handling of racial issues in South Bend has led to doubts about his ability to attract Black voters. Following the controversial shooting of Eric Logan, an African American man, by a white South Bend police officer in June, 2019, Buttigieg was compelled to hold off his campaign to commit his undivided focus to the emerging public reaction. Buttigieg convened a local town hall on June 23, where he heard the grievances of disaffected activists in the African American community as well as relatives of Eric Logan. The local police union accused Buttigieg of making decisions for political gain.  The former president of the South Bend, Indiana, Common Council on Friday endorsed former Vice President Joe Biden for president, and criticized South Bend Mayor Pete Buttigieg as the city's mayor faces more questions about his appeal to black voters. Oliver Davis is one of the longest-serving black South Bend council members, according to a news release by the Biden campaign. Davis ran for mayor in South Bend this year and lost to James Mueller, whom Buttigieg endorsed as his preferred successor. Buttigieg has been mayor of South Bend since 2012, and did not seek reelection.  The leading Democratic candidates for president made strong appeals to African American voters Wednesday night -- particularly women -- as they drew a direct line between re-creating the coalition that elected Barack Obama in 2008 and defeating President Donald Trump in 2020. Debating in a Deep South state where black voters will likely be the majority of the Democratic electorate in the March primary, the discussion over who could best represent that community drew the most fireworks in an otherwise civil debate among the 2020 candidates Wednesday in Atlanta. Questions from the MSNBC/Washington Post moderators on the thorny topic of race drew charged exchanges between New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker and former Vice President Joe Biden, as well as South Bend, Indiana, Mayor Pete Buttigieg and California Sen. Kamala Harris. The debate struck at the core of the electability argument taking place within the Democratic presidential primary.