Berman is also an assistant clinical professor of obstetrics and gynecology and psychiatry at the Feinberg School of Medicine at Northwestern University. She is the author of the books It's Not Him: It's You and The Book of Love: Every Couple’s Guide to Emotional and Sexual Intimacy, and the New York Times best-selling books Real Sex for Real Women: Intimacy, Pleasure, & Sexual Wellbeing and For Women Only: A Revolutionary Guide to Overcoming Sexual Dysfunction and Reclaiming Your Sex Life as well as Secrets of the Sexually Satisfied Woman: 10 Keys to Unlocking Ultimate Pleasure and The Passion Prescription. She is a weekly columnist for the Chicago Sun-Times and has appeared on Fox News and CNN and in The New York Times, USA Today, and every major woman’s magazine. She also has her own line of adult toys. Sex therapist Ruth Westheimer said the device was most favored by those selecting from vibrators of the corded electrical variety. Therapist and sex educator Laura Berman recommended the device in many articles for the Chicago Sun-Times, both for women who had never experienced an orgasm and those who had difficulty becoming aroused. Sexologist Gloria Brame wrote in her book The Truth about Sex, a Sex Primer for the 21st Century that the Magic Wand was one of the more successful masturbation aids marketed, and stated it was popular due to its non-penetrative nature. Australian sex therapist Bettina Arndt reported that a couple she corresponded with had success using the Magic Wand while simultaneously engaging in sexual intercourse. Berman is best known for her role as Lulu Spencer, the stubborn, troubled daughter of Luke and Laura Spencer, in the ABC daytime soap opera General Hospital. She made her first appearance on October 28, 2005. The casting immediately garnered much attention due to Berman's strong resemblance to Genie Francis who played Laura; Lulu and Laura's strong resemblance was often mentioned within the series. In July 2012, Berman informed producers that she had no plans of renewing her contract when it expired in November.