 President Donald Trump has actively cultivated an air of suspense around his upcoming summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, but his decision last week to add another dose of reality-TV drama by teasing the release of three Americans currently being detained by the regime is raising concerns among former US diplomats. Trump and his allies outside the government sought to fan heightened expectations surrounding the possibility of their release last week -- casting the potential development as evidence of the President's negotiating prowess ahead of a sit-down with Kim. But experts and even some administration aides are worried the celebration may be premature and could send the wrong signals to Pyongyang or even jeopardize the prisoner's release. "It doesn't take an expert to recognize that negotiations about detained US citizens can be extremely delicate," Mintaro Oba, a former Korea desk officer at the State Department under Obama, told CNN on Monday.  The US State Department issued a scathing rebuke of North Korea's human rights record on Wednesday, calling the regime "one of the most repressive and abusive governments in the world" just days after President Donald Trump praised dictator Kim Jong Un's "honorable" intentions ahead of a possible face-to-face sit down between the two leaders. While Trump has recently dialed-back the personal insults against the leader he once called "Little Rocket Man," his State Department did not pull any punches in a new statement condemning decades of "egregious human rights violations" suffered by the North Korean people at the hands of their own government. "For more than 60 years the people of North Korea have faced egregious human rights violations in virtually every aspect of life," the statement from State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert said. "In addition to the roughly 100,000 individuals, including children and family members of the accused, who suffer in political prison camps, North Koreans face an almost complete denial of fundamental freedoms by their government.  The status of three Americans detained in North Korea remained unclear on Thursday as anticipation builds over their possible release. President Donald Trump and his allies outside the government sought to fan the heightened expectations, casting the potential development as evidence of his negotiating prowess ahead of a summit with North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un. But experts and even some administration aides worried the celebration may be premature and could send the wrong signals to Pyongyang. Rudy Giuliani, a member of Trump's legal team but not himself an employee of the government, said Thursday morning the release would happen within the day.