 In one of Jeffrey Epstein's last interviews, he told a reporter for The New York Times that he had dirt on a number of famous people and that criminalizing sex with teenagers was a "cultural aberration." The interview with James B. Stewart, a Times columnist, staff writer at The New Yorker and acclaimed author, came a year ago at Epstein's mansion on the Upper East Side of Manhattan. "The overriding impression I took away from our roughly 90-minute conversation was that Mr. Epstein knew an astonishing number of rich, famous and powerful people, and had photos to prove it," Stewart wrote in the Times on Monday. "He also claimed to know a great deal about these people, some of it potentially damaging or embarrassing, including details about their supposed sexual proclivities and recreational drug use."  The alleged victims of accused sex trafficker Jeffrey Epstein are angry they will not get the opportunity to face in court the man they say raped them as girls. "We have to live with the scars of his actions for the rest of our lives, while he will never face the consequences of the crimes he committed, the pain and trauma he caused so many people," Jennifer Araoz, who accused Epstein of raping her when she was 15, said in a statement. The multimillionaire hedge fund manager's death from an apparent suicide Saturday in his cell ends the criminal case against him, but what does that mean for his accusers' quest for justice? Authorities have said they will continue to investigate Epstein's alleged actions, and US Attorney General William Barr said Monday the case "will continue on against anyone who was complicit with Epstein."  The jail cell death of accused sex trafficker Jeffrey Epstein over the weekend positioned prosecutors to pursue his associates, some of whom allegedly assisted him in abusing underage girls. On Monday, his accusers and law enforcement officials indicated they had taken the first steps toward doing so. The US attorney's office in Manhattan has suggested it will advance the case by focusing on the conspiracy charge against Epstein, which accused him of working with employees and associates to operate a vast sex-trafficking ring involving dozens of girls. The conspiracy count could allow prosecutors to charge anyone else involved in the scheme.