Mazda's rotary success continued until the onset of the 1973 oil crisis. As American buyers (as well as those in other nations) quickly turned to vehicles with better fuel efficiency, the relatively thirsty rotary-powered models began to fall out of favor. Combined with being the least-efficient automaker in Japan (in terms of productivity), inability to adjust to excess inventory and over-reliance on the U.S. market, the company suffered a huge loss in 1975. An already heavily indebted Toyo Kogyo was on the verge of bankruptcy and was only saved through the intervention of Sumitomo keiretsu group, namely Sumitomo Bank, and the company’s subcontractors and distributors. Mazda was forced to recall the Mazda5 in the United States shortly after production began due to a risk of exhaust system fires. Owners that were not made aware of the manual shifting mode ("sport mode") of the 4-speed automatic transmission would mistakenly leave the shifter in that position, resulting in high temperatures as the car would remain in second gear. Mazda's solution was to add a heat shield around the muffler and to alter the vehicle's software to not allow excessively high engine speeds beyond a short period of time when in "sport mode". Although the five-speed manual transmission equipped cars would seemingly not need to be recalled, Mazda chose to retrofit all Mazda5 versions with the new parts and software. The beefy B2600 4x4 model (1986–1987) had its own styling distinctions, such as a three-spoke steering wheel, fender flares, a wider front bumper, mud guards, and a carbureted Mitsubishi engine, which was added in response to complaints about the B2000's lack of power when compared to other trucks in its class. In 1989, the B2600 had an italicized "i" added to the badging (B2600i) to distinguish between the Mitsubishi engine and the new fuel-injected Mazda G6 engine. The B2600i was also available in the two wheel drive version. All B2600i models were factory equipped with a hood that has a distinct center bulge, commonly referred to as a "bubble hood."