Iranian director Asghar Farhadi, who won the award for Best Foreign Language Film for The Salesman, was revealed to initially be unable to attend the ceremony due to President Donald Trump's immigration ban. He boycotted the event, saying, "I have decided to not attend the Academy Awards ceremony alongside my fellow members of the cinematic community." The Academy president Cheryl Boone Isaacs reacted to the travel ban, saying, "America should always be not a barrier but a beacon and each and every one of us knows that there are some empty chairs in this room which has made academy artists into activists."  For years, conservatives have railed against Hollywood's liberal political leanings, gleefully citing declining award-show ratings as proof that people were turned off by civics lectures from privileged stars. Yet as the industry prepares for what could be one of the more political Oscar telecasts in memory, the danger to Oscar ratings posed by that dynamic appears minimal, if the trajectory of what's known as "awards season" thus far is any guide. At this point, the Academy of Motion Picture arts and Sciences, which presents the Oscars, and ABC, which televises it, should have little to fear in terms of alienating potential viewers. That's because tune-out among those likely to be seriously put off by hearing actors weigh into the political fray has to be pretty well baked into the formula. The 92nd Academy Awards ceremony, presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS), will honor the best films of 2019 and will take place at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California. After more than a decade of holding the Academy Award ceremonies in at least late February, the 92nd Academy Awards will be held earlier – on February 9, 2020. During the ceremony, AMPAS will present Academy Awards (commonly referred to as Oscars) in 24 categories. The ceremony will be televised in the United States by ABC, produced by Lynette Howell Taylor and Stephanie Allain, and directed by Glenn Weiss.