 One of the jurors from Paul Manafort's trial said on Wednesday that although she "did not want Paul Manafort to be guilty," the evidence was "overwhelming." "I thought that the public, America, needed to know how close this was, and that the evidence was overwhelming," Paula Duncan said in an interview on Fox News. "I did not want Paul Manafort to be guilty, but he was, and no one's above the law. So it was our obligation to look through all the evidence."  President Donald Trump and his lawyer Rudy Giuliani have talked about the potential political repercussions of pardoning former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort, The New York Times reported Wednesday. Giuliani told the Times that pardoning Manafort, who on Tuesday was found guilty on eight of 18 financial crimes, was not something the President was considering. However, the paper reported that Giuliani said in an interview that Trump thought Manafort had not been treated well. "Yesterday's plea and Manafort's conviction, none of it had to do with collusion, none of it has to do with obstruction," Giuliani said, according to The New York Times.  Two courtroom decisions within minutes of each other, each with eight convictions, against President Donald Trump's former personal lawyer and campaign chairman engulfed Capitol Hill on Tuesday, where Republicans downplayed the connection of both cases to the White House while Democrats seized on the President's potential role and raised the prospect that he could have broken the law, too. The guilty plea from Trump's longtime personal lawyer Michael Cohen and the guilty verdicts against Paul Manafort once again scrambled the narrative for the President and special counsel Robert Mueller, prompting dueling reactions from senators peppered with questions about the latest developments. "If Manafort and Cohen did things that (they) shouldn't have done, which it sounds like they did, I think they ought to be held responsible for it but I don't see any of this having anything to do with the President and Russia," Republican Sen. John Cornyn of Texas told reporters. "My expectation is that Mr. Mueller knows the lay of the land.