 In what appears to be a brazen, racially motivated attack on a group of counterprotesters in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the weekend, one person died and many more were injured. On Monday President Donald Trump finally denounced the white supremacists whose demonstration led to the attack -- joining politicians and commentators of all stripes who had already harshly and uniformly condemned the Charlottesville attack as a racially motivated terroristic act. Even conservative Sen. Ted Cruz has tweeted that the attack should be prosecuted as an act of "domestic terrorism." But Sen. Cruz should know that, because of the way Congress has limited the reach of federal terrorism laws, the driver who plowed his car into the crowd can't actually be prosecuted for terrorism.  Two days have passed since a white supremacist gathering here turned deadly, but tensions remained high Monday reverberating beyond Charlottesville. Frustrations over the Saturday rally along with reactions to President Donald Trump's initial remarks, in which he blamed "many sides" drew protests outside Trump Tower in New York City. Anti-racism rallies were held in several cities Monday including in Durham County, where protesters pulled down a monument of a Confederate soldier, cheering as the statue toppled to the ground. Meanwhile in Charlottesville, the overt hostility that raged over the weekend between white nationalists and anti-fascist protesters continued outside a courthouse.  President Donald Trump, facing mounting pressure from Republicans and Democrats alike, did what he declined to do over the weekend during an event at the White House on Monday when he directly condemned white supremacists and neo-Nazis in a brief statement to reporters. "Racism is evil -- and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and other hate groups are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans," Trump said in response to the attacks in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the weekend. "Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America," Trump said. The comments came in a hastily scheduled White House event in the Diplomatic Reception Room, where Trump -- speaking with the help of a teleprompter -- spoke straight to camera after meeting with FBI Director Christopher Wray and Attorney General Jeff Sessions to discuss the Department of Justice's civil rights investigation into the attack.