 President Donald Trump's personal attorney Rudy Giuliani has been "more directly involved at nearly every stage of the entanglement with Ukraine" than others in the administration, angering officials who are blaming the former New York City mayor for the impeachment inquiry the House has opened into Trump, The Washington Post reports. According to the Post, a whistleblower complaint stemming from Trump's July phone conversation with the Ukrainian President that led to the impeachment inquiry "includes references to other developments tied to the president, including efforts by Giuliani to insert himself into U.S.-Ukrainian relations." Giuliani's involvement in the US' relationship with the country has upset some officials in the administration, the paper said. "Rudy — he did all of this," one US official said, according to the Post.  Former US special envoy to Ukraine Kurt Volker explained in his opening statement to Congress that he connected the President's personal lawyer Rudy Giuliani with Ukraine's leadership in an effort to convince Giuliani — and, through him, President Donald Trump — there was new leadership in Ukraine that could be trusted. In Volker's statement, which was delivered during his closed-door testimony Thursday and obtained by CNN, the US diplomat portrays himself as someone who was seeking to divert Giuliani's influence on the President and help Trump see that the new government was serious about reform. Volker said that Trump was "skeptical" of Ukraine's leadership, which he said was understandable given the country's history of corruption, but he also added that the President suggested that Ukraine "tried to take me down," a reference to the unproven allegations that Ukraine was involved in the 2016 election meddling. "He said that Ukraine was a corrupt country, full of 'terrible people,'" Volker said of Trump.  Rudy Giuliani's name is all over the White House transcript of the July 25 phone call between President Donald Trump and Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky. In fact, the former New York City mayor and Trump's personal attorney is mentioned five times by name in the 5-page document. According to the transcript, Zelensky told Trump that he was knowledgeable about Giuliani's efforts to uncover information helpful to Trump politically. Trump in turn praised Giuliani and encouraged Zelensky to speak with him because Giuliani "very much knows what's happening."