 Well-financed Republican interest groups redrew familiar battle lines on Tuesday as the GOP plan to replace Obamacare encountered significant headwinds within the party's own ranks. The new plan backed by House Republicans is inviting an internecine fight within the party between leadership-aligned lobbies, such as the US Chamber of Commerce, and more hardline pressure groups, such as the Club for Growth. Those factions have repeatedly butted heads in recent years over both policy objectives -- like the reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank -- and the legislative tactics to achieve them. The Republican plan was swiftly criticized on Tuesday by a handful of big-money groups, most prominently the powerful political donor network organized by Charles and David Koch.  Republican leadership this week revealed its plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare. The proposal, backed by President Donald Trump, Speaker Paul Ryan and others, met swift opposition from conservative corners as well as major players within the health care space. Some, like the conservative Association of Mature American Citizens and the American Action Network, have praised the bill, but many other key interest groups and industry stakeholders have expressed concerns with the bill as written. Asked about opposition from major groups, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said at his Wednesday press briefing that this bill was "patient-centric" and offered less to special interest groups than Obamacare had. In the days leading up to the vote, which was originally scheduled for March 23, 2017, there was increased division among House Republicans over the replacement, causing concerns among Republican Party leadership over having the votes needed to pass the bill. Among Republican defectors from the bill, the largest opposition came from members of the House Freedom Caucus, which consists of some of the most conservative members in the House. The Freedom Caucus members, among their primary objections to the bill, were not convinced that the healthcare replacement effectively abolished some elements of the Affordable Care Act, most prominently the essential health benefits. To achieve success in the House, Republicans could not afford more than twenty-one members of their own party voting against the bill, and several days before the vote, dissent within the party, largely from the Freedom Caucus, was a significant threat to its passage.