 Former US attorney Preet Bharara said Sunday that it's likely President Donald Trump's former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, is in discussions with special counsel Robert Mueller about cooperating with his investigation into Russian meddling in last year's election. "My view is based on how things used to operate in my office and based on how the world works, (which) is that there's a substantial likelihood that they're at least in discussions with regard to cooperating," Bharara said on CNN's "State of the Union." Asked if the President should be worried about the possibility that Flynn is cooperating with Mueller's team, Bharara said: "It depends on what the President has done and what the President's conversations with Michael Flynn and others have been. But if you've done bad things, then you should be very worried." That same day (February 14), President Trump met with FBI Director James Comey in the Oval Office and reportedly told him "I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go, to letting Flynn go" adding "he's a good guy." Comey subsequently testified that, "I had understood the President to be requesting that we drop any investigation of Flynn in connection with false statements about his conversations with the Russian ambassador in December ... I did not understand the president to be talking about the broader investigation into Russia or possible links to his campaign". The propriety, and even the legality, of these words that Trump reportedly said to Comey about Flynn have become a subject of considerable public debate. On November 10, 2016, President Obama warned President-elect Trump against hiring Flynn. During their meeting in the Oval Office two days after the election, Obama expressed "profound concerns" about hiring Flynn to a sensitive, high-level national security post. In May 2019, Trump tweeted, "It now seems the General Flynn was under investigation long before was common knowledge. It would have been impossible for me to know this but, if that was the case, and with me being one of two people who would become president, why was I not told so that I could make a change?"