 Larry Kudlow, President Donald Trump's top economic adviser, said Sunday there is a "strong possibility" Trump will meet Chinese President Xi Jinping at the G20 economic summit in Japan next month and said he expects China to retaliate against the US for its increase last week in tariffs on Chinese goods as Beijing has indicated it would. "We were moving well, constructive talks -- and I still think that's the case ... but the problem is, two weeks ago in China, there was backtracking by the Chinese," Kudlow told Fox News' Chris Wallace on "Fox News Sunday." He said, "I think I do," when asked whether US officials expect the Chinese to retaliate for the tariff hike put on by the US last week when it increased the rate to 25% on $200 billion of Chinese goods. "We may know more today or even this evening or tomorrow," Kudlow said of the expected retaliation.  Days ahead of what have been billed as the final round of China and US trade talks, President Donald Trump tweeted Sunday that he would be increasing tariffs on most Chinese exports to the US to 25%. For the better part of a year Trump has heralded the benefits of his tariffs, claiming that foreign companies and countries pay billions of dollars into the US Treasury. Twice on Sunday, the President claimed that China is paying the cost of these tariffs and that "(t)ariffs paid to the USA had little impact on product cost, mostly borne by China." Trump also claimed that tariff payments are "partially responsible for our great economic results."  China is striking back at the United States as the trade war between the world's two biggest economies continues to escalate. Beijing said Monday that it will increase tariffs on roughly $60 billion worth of US goods on June 1, including American cotton, machinery, grains and aircraft parts. More than 4,000 items are affected, most of which will carry tariffs of 25% — up from 10% when they were first levied last September. The move follows Friday's increase in US tariffs on $200 billion worth of Chinese exports from 10% to 25%.