 There may be no more foul four-letter word in the Republican presidential race than TARP, the Troubled Asset Relief Program passed in 2008 to bail out the tottering U.S. financial system. And former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum, who runs far at the back of the GOP pack in most polls, dropped it on the front-runners in Tuesday night's CNN debate in Las Vegas. "The problem is, in the first place, is that several people up here -- the, quote, businesspeople -- supported the TARP, supported the bailout," Santorum said. He included former Massachusetts Gov.  A House GOP leader announced Friday that Congress will be sending subpoenas to the White House for internal documents regarding the decision to issue federal loan guarantees in 2010 to Solyndra, a solar energy company that has since filed for bankruptcy. "This is an investment of taxpayers' money that's gone bad," Rep. Cliff Stearns, chairman of the Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Oversight, told CNN's John King. "After eight months of investigations we have a right ... to say, 'what about the internal communications inside the top advisers to the White House? Let's see them.'" The rough-and-tumble world of legislating is not orderly and civil, human frailties too often taint its membership, and legislative outcomes are often frustrating and ineffective ... Still, we are not exaggerating when we say that Congress is essential to American democracy. We would not have survived as a nation without a Congress that represented the diverse interests of our society, conducted a public debate on the major issues, found compromises to resolve conflicts peacefully, and limited the power of our executive, military, and judicial institutions ... The popularity of Congress ebbs and flows with the public's confidence in government generally ... the legislative process is easy to dislike—it often generates political posturing and grandstanding, it necessarily involves compromise, and it often leaves broken promises in its trail.