 Donald Trump and Mike Pence are a study in contrasts when it comes to their debate preparation. As the vice presidential candidates prepare to take the stage for a televised debate this Tuesday, a campaign official said GOP vice presidential candidate Mike Pence has been preparing for Tuesday's debate since the day the Indiana governor received the call to join the Republican ticket in July. Pence's debate preparations contrast sharply with the much looser sessions used by Trump in the weeks running up to his first face-off with Hillary Clinton. Trump never practiced against a stand-in for Clinton.  Donald Trump and his running mate appeared to be on different pages Tuesday on whether climate change is man made. Roughly an hour after Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway said the real estate mogul does not believe global warming is a man-made phenomenon, GOP vice presidential nominee Mike Pence appeared to take the opposite view. "Well, look, there's no question that the activities that take place in this country and in countries around the world have some impact on the environment and some impact on climate," Pence said during an appearance with host Chris Cuomo on CNN's "New Day." Clinton puts Trump on defense at first debate  But during her own appearance on the program earlier Tuesday morning, Conway said Trump "believes that global warming is naturally occurring," and confirmed the candidate does not believe it is man made.  The last time Mike Pence was on a debate stage, four years ago in Indiana, he was carrying the Republican brand as a clear front-runner touting the record of highly popular Gov. Mitch Daniels. Tuesday, he'll be playing clean up for Donald Trump, the most unpredictable and unruly candidate to ever top the Republican ticket. Post-debate, Clinton takes the lead Since the first presidential debate last week, Trump has become consumed by controversy marked by his own stumbles, late-night tweets and capped by The New York Times report that he lost over $900 million in 1995, which may have helped him avoid paying federal income taxes for 18 years.