 Department of Education Secretary Betsy DeVos stumbled her way through a tense interview on CBS's "60 Minutes" Sunday night, struggling to answer some basic questions about schools in her home state of Michigan and admitting that she does not "intentionally" visit underperforming schools. "60 Minutes" correspondent Lesley Stahl asked DeVos if in Michigan, students who can't afford to leave public schools are thriving, as the secretary cites. "Have the public schools in Michigan gotten better?" Stahl asked.  The White House on Monday defended its piecemeal approach to combating gun violence and insisted President Donald Trump hasn't entirely abandoned the idea of raising the minimum age for purchasing guns, hours after the President said there was "not much political support" for the initiative. "Right now, the President's primary focus is on pushing through things that we know have broad bipartisan support," White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said. "But we haven't let go of some of those other things that we're going to continue to review and look at." Sanders said "the door isn't closed" on a White House push for raising the age of gun purchases to 21 at the federal level, even as the White House kicked consideration of the issue to a commission to be led by Education Secretary Betsy DeVos.  White House officials were alarmed by Education Secretary Betsy DeVos' struggle to answer basic questions about the nation's schools and failure to defend the administration's newly proposed school safety measures during a tour of television interviews Sunday and Monday, according to two sources familiar with their reaction. Though DeVos was sworn in to her Cabinet position 13 months ago, she stumbled her way through a pointed "60 Minutes" interview with CBS' Lesley Stahl Sunday night and was unable to defend her belief that public schools can perform better when funding is diverted to the expansion of public charter schools and private school vouchers. At one point, she admitted she hasn't "intentionally" visited underperforming schools. "I hesitate to talk about all schools in general because schools are made up of individual students attending them," DeVos said, as Stahl suggested that DeVos visit those underperforming schools.