In October 2016, following the Donald Trump Access Hollywood controversy, Ryan disinvited Trump from a scheduled campaign rally, announced that he would no longer defend or support Trump's presidential campaign, and in a highly unusual move he freed down-ticket congressional members to use their own judgment, saying "you all need to do what's best for you and your district." In the final weeks of the campaign, Trump went on the attack against Ryan, accusing him and other "disloyal" Republicans of deliberately undermining his candidacy as part of "a whole sinister deal". Despite his reluctance to publicly support Trump, Ryan ultimately announced that he cast his vote for Donald Trump a week before election day. In March 2017, Breitbart News released a tape recording with Ryan telling fellow Republican congressmen that he was "not going to defend Donald Trump—not now, not in the future."  Donald Trump is again declining to rule out launching an independent bid for the White House, a decision that Trump says he has not yet made but one that could scramble the November election. "I want to run as a Republican. I will beat Hillary Clinton," he told Fox's Chris Wallace in an interview set to air Sunday morning on "Fox News Sunday." Excerpts of the interview were released Friday night.  Donald Trump strongly defended his campaign manager Wednesday, saying that the reporter accusing Corey Lewandowski of simple battery is trying to take advantage of the spotlight created by the controversy. During an interview on "Today" on NBC, Trump argued Breitbart reporter Michelle Fields was looking to capitalize on the media frenzy created by the case, while he rejected the suggestion that an apology from Lewandowski would have settled the dispute. "I actually don't think so, I think she would have pressed charges anyway, because I think she likes it -- that's my opinion, maybe I'm wrong," Trump said. "I think if he called up, I think if he said he's sorry, I think she would have used it against him.