He and the women traveled to Denver, Colorado, Colton met with season twenty Bachelor Ben Higgins in Downtown Denver to receive advice from him. Later that day, Tayshia gets an one-on-one with Colton to explore the sights of LoDo district along with Colton's dog Sniper where they buy three pieces of salmon at Denver Milk Market and have a drink at Denver Union Station. While having a drink, Colton asks for Tayshia's opinion on the warning he received from Sydney, Demi and Katie. Tayshia states that she doesn't want to name names, but goes on to state that she heard that Caelynn and Cassie were discussing to become the next Bachelorette and life after the show; also stating that Caelynn and Cassie stated they weren't ready to be engaged at the end of the show. Colton Scott Underwood (born January 26, 1992) is an American reality television personality. He was a football tight end at Illinois State and was signed by the San Diego Chargers as an undrafted free agent in 2014, and was on the practice squad of the Oakland Raiders and Philadelphia Eagles. After being released by the Raiders, Underwood became a contestant on the 14th season of The Bachelorette, and was then announced as the titular bachelor in the 23rd season of The Bachelor. In 2018, Randolph was cast in season 23 of The Bachelor, starring former professional football player Colton Underwood. Filming for the season took place throughout fall 2018, and Randolph was later revealed by the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) as a contestant on December 6, 2018. In the episode aired on March 4, 2019, Randolph quit the competition after realizing she did not feel ready to become engaged at the end of the season; Randolph breaking up with Underwood caused him to commit the "fence jump", which was heavily reported in the media. Randolph later rejoined the season in the following episode, after Underwood revealed to her that he would not propose and had broken up with other finalists Tayshia Adams and Hannah Godwin to be with her.