 It's time for the reality star to show he's ready for prime time. The Republican National Convention in Cleveland, culminating in the party nominee's key note address on Thursday night, will require a set of political multi-tasking skills far beyond those so far demonstrated by Donald Trump. The high stakes political jamboree should begin to answer a fundamental question of the 2016 election: whether a campaign anchored almost exclusively on Trump's hulking public persona and dominant ego can perform as well on the national stage as in the rough and tumble of Republican primary politics. "Can he move himself from being primary candidate who sometimes comes across as the host of a reality TV to show himself as a possible President of the United States?"  Ted Cruz stole the show, and then Donald Trump stole it right back. The long, divisive primary of 2016 played out in one final, spectacular episode on live television Wednesday night on the floor of the Republican National Convention. Here are seven takeaways from the penultimate night in Cleveland -- setting up a final note of drama when Trump takes the stage:  Cruz's 2020 gamble Ted Cruz placed a bet Wednesday night that could define his political life. It was a remarkable scene: The Texas senator took the stage and congratulated Trump for winning the Republican nomination.  Jeb Bush is carrying his crusade against Donald Trump to the doorstep of the Republican convention, saying that he is not the future of the Republican Party even as it prepares to nominate him. Bush, once seen as the front-runner for the Republican presidential nomination, remains one of the most prominent anti-Trump holdouts in the GOP. In an op-ed for The Washington Post published Friday, Bush acknowledged that Trump had capitalized on legitimate frustrations with American politics. "They have given rise to the success of a candidate who continues to grotesquely manipulate the deeply felt anger of many Americans," Bush wrote, saying the nominee harkened back to an 1850s political party.