 A battle is being waged within Florida Sen. Marco Rubio's campaign about whether he should even remain in the Republican presidential race ahead of his home state primary on March 15, sources say. Rubio himself is "bullish" on his odds of winning the critical primary, despite some advisers who are less hopeful and believe a loss there would damage him politically in both the short- and long-term. Publicly, the campaign is maintaining they are still a contender in this race, touting a Sunday win in Puerto Rico's primary that delivered Rubio 23 delegates. But privately, the campaign is having a debate about whether he should remain in the mix -- even for his home state of Florida's primary.  Marco Rubio is putting his entire presidential campaign on the line in Florida -- but some of his top supporters in Washington believe the 44-year-old senator may have already lost. A growing number of Rubio supporters told CNN privately and publicly that Rubio made a strategic blunder by getting into a personal mud-slinging contest with the bombastic billionaire, arguing that he should not have raised questions about Trump's character -- on everything from criticizing the size of his hands to calling him a "con artist." They argued it only seemed to backfire and make the high-minded and substantive Rubio look petty and unpresidential, fearing it could now be fatal to his presidential aspirations. "I don't think he needed to get down, deep and dirty," said Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch, a Rubio supporter.  Sen. Ted Cruz said Monday he could see inviting presidential campaign opponents Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and Ohio Gov. John Kasich into his cabinet in Washington -- and he also said he could see circumstances where he would not support front-runner Donald Trump as the nominee. The conservative Texan has been repeatedly asked about whether he would support Trump if the mogul ends up winning the primary. Despite a the presence of the "Never Trump" movement within the Republican Party, candidates have been quick to say they will support the Republican nominee.