 President Barack Obama will have an "interaction" with Cuban President Raul Castro at this week's Summit of the Americas in Panama, a senior U.S. official tells CNN. "Since they're at the summit they'll certainly interact but currently no formal bilateral meeting (is) scheduled," the official said Monday. The confirmation follows comments Roberta Jacobson, the State Department official leading efforts to normalize relations with Cuba, made last Friday indicating the two would likely run into each other at the summit. "I think on the question of the interactions, clearly, clearly President Obama knew when he made the decision to go to the summit and he knew that Cuba had been invited to the summit...that there would be an interaction at the summit," she said during a Brookings Institute event.  This was the handshake that shook the Western Hemisphere. President Obama briefly met his Cuban counterpart, Raul Castro, on Friday night at a dinner for the dozens of Latin American leaders convening in Panama City for the Summit of the Americas. This was historic. The two nations have barely been on speaking terms -- officially -- for more than 50 years.  Emboldened after striking a preliminary nuclear deal with Iran, President Barack Obama heads to a gathering of South and Central American leaders this week prepared to test his doctrine of engaging sworn U.S. enemies, this time Cuba. After a brief stopover in Jamaica Wednesday to meet with Caribbean leaders, Obama heads to the Summit of the Americas in Panama, where officials say he plans to "interact" with Cuba's President Raul Castro following his decision to improve relations between the two countries. Castro is attending the gathering for the first time after Cuba was drummed out of the Organization of American States more than half a century ago. Unlike past summits, when the United States' stance on Cuba was a major point of contention, White House officials expect the realignment to be hailed at the two-day event, during which Obama also plans to tour the Panama Canal and seek to ramp up commerce with Latin America.