 President Barack Obama made a fervent plea for Hillary Clinton on Wednesday, casting the Democratic nominee as a custodian of his legacy while rejecting Republicans' message as fostering anger and hate. In remarks that demonstrated Obama's lasting appeal to wide swaths of the Democratic Party, the President sought to describe country headed firmly in the right direction, despite the loud protestations otherwise by Donald Trump. Obama said his former secretary of state is a better qualified candidate than even he or her husband, former President Bill Clinton, had been when they sought office. "I can say with confidence there has never been a man or a woman -- not me, not Bill, nobody -- more qualified than Hillary Clinton to serve as president of the United States of America," Obama said to a roaring crowd -- and a belly-laughing Bill Clinton -- at the Democratic National Convention.  Hillary Clinton's challenge this week is reintroducing herself to a country that has known her for decades and getting through to the millions of Americans who are convinced that they already know everything there is to know about the former secretary of state and first lady. Wasserman Schultz resigning as party leader The Democratic National Convention is her best opportunity to deliver a forceful case for her candidacy and draw a sharp contrast against Donald Trump. She will have to counter the stream of attacks that Trump and his surrogates threw her way at last week's GOP convention, and at the same time, make a fresh appeal to the large swath of the Democratic base that rejected her during the primaries and independent voters yet to pick a side. Celebs head to DNC, some to back Clinton, others to protest But even before it begins, Clinton's convention is mired in controversy. Clearly, the job of the next president is to rebuild the American dream and to restore American leadership in the world. And here's what I have to say about that. Everything I learned in my eight years as president, and in the work I have done since in America and across the globe, has convinced me that Barack Obama is the man for this job. Now, he has a remarkable ability to inspire people, to raise our hopes and rally us to high purpose.