Axiom Strategies is an American Republican Party political consulting firm. The company is headquartered in Kansas City, Missouri. It was founded in 2005 by Jeff Roe, senior strategist and campaign manager of Texas Senator Ted Cruz's 2016 presidential campaign.In August 2019, Axiom hired former acting US Attorney General Matthew Whitaker as managing director of its Clout Public Affairs division.In September 2018, Clout Public Affairs signed on to lobby for the Government of Cameroon for US$ 55,000/month. In 2017 Axiom merged with Revolvis, a west coast consulting firm.In 2018, the company entered into a partnership with The Prosper Group, a digital marketing agency. Vargo has been awarded the Best Article of the Year Award by the Australia and New Zealand Marketing Academy, the Harold H. Maynard Award by the American Marketing Association for ‘significant contribution to marketing theory and thought’ and the Sheth Foundation Award for ‘long-term contribution to the field of marketing’. His 2004 article with Robert Lusch in the Journal of Marketing, “Evolving to a New Dominant Logic for Marketing,” is the most-cited marketing article published in the last 10 years. Professor Vargo has been named to Clarivate Analytics (previously Thompson Reuters) Web of Science, "Highly Cited Researcher" (top 1%) and "World's Most Influential Scientific Minds list in economics and business annually, since 2014. Critics such as Eugene Fama typically support the efficient-market hypothesis. They contend that behavioral finance is more a collection of anomalies than a true branch of finance and that these anomalies are either quickly priced out of the market or explained by appealing to market microstructure arguments. However, individual cognitive biases are distinct from social biases; the former can be averaged out by the market, while the other can create positive feedback loops that drive the market further and further from a "fair price" equilibrium. Similarly, for an anomaly to violate market efficiency, an investor must be able to trade against it and earn abnormal profits; this is not the case for many anomalies.