 Following Tuesday's terrorist attacks in Brussels, the State Department took the rare step of cautioning Americans about traveling to Europe, warning terrorist groups continue to plan "near-term" attacks at sporting events, tourist sites, restaurants and on transportation. It's a dramatic move ahead of ahead of the summer travel season, which could discourage tourists and severely impact the European economy. The sophistication of the November terrorist attacks in Paris, which claimed 130 lives, and now Brussels, where 31 people have died, demonstrate that ISIS' ability to conduct operations in Europe is greater than officials there or in the U.S. believed. Former Rep. Mike Rogers, who chaired the House Select Committee on Intelligence, said the travel warning constituted a "huge" development that was likely triggered by recent counterterrorism operations in Brussels, which suggested the possibility of more terror by ISIS cells in Europe.  Europe needs to work harder at defeating ISIS, Defense Secretary Ash Carter said Wednesday in the wake of the terrorist attacks in Brussels. Carter told CNN's Carol Costello that the suicide bombings in the Belgian capital Tuesday are a stark indicator of the necessity of defeating the terror group. "The thing that I think the Brussels event is going to further signify to Europeans is that they -- as we have been accelerating our campaign to defeat ISIL in Syria in Iraq and elsewhere -- they need to accelerate their efforts and join us," Carter said, using another acronym for the terror group. But Carter also acknowledged that the fight goes beyond the Middle East, Iraq and Syria, which Europeans are well aware of.  Lawmakers on Capitol Hill reacted with shock and sadness Tuesday to the terrorist attacks in Brussels with members of both sides vowing to stand by the Belgian people. But with the calls for solidarity, congressional Republicans also quickly vented frustration that the Obama administration hasn't done enough to counter ISIS, the terrorist group that claimed responsibility for the deadly strikes. Sen. John McCain of Arizona and Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, two of President Barack Obama's fiercest critics on counter-terrorism, issued a joint statement calling the attacks "sadly predictable" and charged that "the administration still has no plausible strategy to destroy ISIL on anything close to an acceptable timeline." ISIL is another acronym for ISIS.