 This morning, states from North Carolina to Maine continue to deal with the damage and devastation caused by Superstorm Sandy, which has caused at least 40 deaths across the United States. Mayor Cory Booker has been out on the streets of Newark, New Jersey assisting residents and taking requests for help via his Twitter account. On Starting Point today, Mayor Booker says that power outages are the biggest problem the city is facing, and explains that there are still hundreds of Newark residents going in and out of shelters. Booker also comments on New Jersey Governor Christie's uncharacteristic praise of President Obama's response to the tragedy, explaining that during crises, people work together to do what's necessary regardless of their political affiliation.  As a powerful mix of weather converged on the U.S. East Coast, residents across the region seemed to take the warnings with varying degrees of seriousness. "It started yesterday afternoon when we started to see a rush from consumers for supplies like flashlights, hand-held radios and batteries," said Tom Collins Jr., a hardware store owner in Atlantic County, New Jersey. "And starting this morning, we've started selling plywood to contractors to help board up homes." In Manhattan, where forecasts of a direct hit from Hurricane Irene last year left the city largely unaffected, many residents seemed relatively confident about Hurricane Sandy and its aftereffects.  An inferno spread across a flooded neighborhood of Rockaway Peninsula in Queens early Tuesday, torching at least 80 homes as a potent mix of weather blasted the region. Some 200 firefighters battled the six-alarm blaze in Breezy Point, which was fed by high winds and made more perilous by downed electrical wires, according to witnesses and local authorities. "The winds were just devastating, blowing from one building to another," New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said at a news conference. By daybreak, emergency personnel and local volunteers could be seen sloshing through flooded streets to put out patches of remaining flames while others assessed what had been lost.