After the inaugural ceremony, President Trump, First Lady Melania Trump, Vice President Mike Pence and Second Lady Karen Pence escorted former president Barack Obama and former first lady Michelle Obama to a departure ceremony on the east side of the U.S. Capitol. The Trumps exchanged remarks and bid farewell to the Obamas at the base of the helicopter that would transport them to Joint Base Andrews, and then returned to the steps of the Capitol building where they waved as the Obama's helicopter took off. Meanwhile, the Bidens took a limousine to Union Station where they boarded a train for Dover, Delaware. Before the luncheon and in keeping with tradition, President Trump signed his first presidential orders in the President's Room at the Capitol, and then signed the guest book for the luncheon. Pence is a key player in the Trump-Ukraine scandal and the Trump impeachment inquiry. After the inquiry was opened, Pence publicly stated his support of Trump's call for foreign investigation into 2020 presidential candidate and former vice president Joe Biden, saying, "I think the American people have a right to know if the vice president of the United States or his family profited from his position." House committees have requested information from Biden regarding the executive branch's dealings with Ukraine. Pence has had at least two phone conversations and an in-person meeting with Volodymyr Zelensky, President of Ukraine.  Vice President Mike Pence defended the Trump administration's decision to prohibit American embassies from flying LGBT flags on their flagpoles to commemorate LGBTQ Pride Month, saying in a new interview that only the American flag should fly in that place. "I'm aware that the State Department indicated that on the flag pole of our American embassies that one flag should fly, and that's the American flag, and I support that," Pence told NBC News, which was the first to report the story. Asked whether he thought the decision ran counter to President Donald Trump's earlier celebration of Pride Month on Twitter, Pence said the administration is "proud to be able to serve every American." "We both feel that way, very passionately, but when it comes to the American flagpole, and American embassies, and capitals around the world, one American flag flies.