On December 17, 2018, incumbent two-term Democratic mayor Pete Buttigieg announced that he would not be seeking reelection to a third term. Speculation arose that Buttigieg was considering a run for President of the United States, and Buttigieg would later announce his 2020 presidential campaign. The general election race to succeed Buttigieg as mayor was between Democrat James Mueller and Republican Sean M. Haas. The election saw the victory of Mueller. In a June 2015 piece in the South Bend Tribune, Buttigieg came out as gay. By coming out, Buttigieg became Indiana's first openly gay elected executive. He was the first elected official in Indiana to come out while in office, and the highest elected official in Indiana to come out. Buttigieg is also the first openly gay Democratic presidential candidate, and the second overall, after Republican Fred Karger, who ran in 2012. During the seventh Democratic debate hosted by CNN and the Des Moines Register, the wording of a series of questions from moderator Abby Phillip directed at senators Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren drew criticisms from various other news outlets and from supporters of Bernie Sanders. Following reports alleging that Sanders said to Warren in a 2018 private conversation that he did not believe that a woman could defeat Donald Trump in the 2020 presidential election, Sanders was given the question "Senator Warren confirmed in a statement, that in 2018 you told her that you did not believe that a woman could win the election. Why did you say that?” Sanders stated in his reply "as a matter of fact, I didn't say it" and received the follow-up question from Phillip: "I do want to be clear here, you’re saying that you never told Senator Warren that a woman could not win the election?” to which Sanders replied "That is correct." Phillip's next question was directed at Elizabeth Warren, which was phrased: "Senator Warren, what did you think when Senator Sanders told you a woman could not win the election?"