 The Democratic primary debate scheduled for Thursday will go on as planned, after a labor dispute between a California union and a catering provider that threatened to derail the high-profile event was resolved. All seven Democratic presidential candidates who met the qualifications to participate in the debate declared their support last week for Unite Here Local 11 and said they would not participate in the debate if they had to cross the union's picket line. The announcements threw the debate planning into turmoil as top officials from the Democratic National Committee, including chairman Tom Perez, spent the weekend frantically working the phones to come to a resolution. The union announced on Tuesday morning that an agreement was reached on Monday with Sodexo, the catering provider at Loyola-Marymount University; the university is set to host the Thursday debate in Los Angeles.  The Democratic National Committee announced Friday that seven candidates have qualified to participate in next week's presidential primary debate. Former Vice President Joe Biden, South Bend, Indiana, Mayor Pete Buttigieg, Minnesota Sen. Amy Klobuchar, Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, businessman Tom Steyer, Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren and businessman Andrew Yang made the cutoff, according to the DNC. The sixth Democratic presidential debate will take place next Thursday, December 19, at Loyola Marymount University in Los Angeles. PBS NewsHour is partnering with Politico to produce it, and CNN will air the debate live.  The December Democratic presidential debate is in limbo with just three days before it is scheduled to take place in Los Angeles. Democratic National Committee Chairman Tom Perez and other top officials spent the weekend working to resolve a labor dispute at Loyola Marymount University, where the debate is set to take place, between Sodexo, a food services company, and the food workers' union. All seven Democrats who qualified for the debate have said they will not cross a picket line to participate in the debate. And Unite Here Local 11, the labor union, informed the campaigns on Friday that they will picket the Thursday debate if they cannot reach an agreement with the catering provider.