 Inauguration Day, even in the age of Donald Trump, is still pretty predictable, thanks to a city known for tradition and pomp and circumstance. Here's a rundown and a bit of history of all the people, places and things that will be a part of the action on January 20. Blair House Every president-elect since Jimmy Carter has stayed at Blair House, the guest home that sits across the street from the White House. And while there was some question about whether or not Donald Trump would stay there or at his hotel closer to the Capitol, the official word is that he's sticking with tradition.  Donald Trump became the 45th President of the United States on Friday, vowing to drain power from Washington elites and always put "America first" in its dealings with the world at a moment of transformative political change. He arrived at the White House for the first time as President just before 5 p.m. ET following a day of tradition marking the power shift in the nation's capital. In a time-honored ceremony on the flag-draped West Front of the Capitol earlier in the afternoon, Trump placed his left hand on a family Bible and another that belonged to Abraham Lincoln and promised to preserve, protect and defend the Constitution. In his inaugural address, Carter said, "We have learned that more is not necessarily better, that even our great nation has its recognized limits, and that we can neither answer all questions nor solve all problems." Carter had campaigned on a promise to eliminate the trappings of the "Imperial Presidency", and began taking action according to that promise on Inauguration Day, breaking with recent history and security protocols by walking from the Capitol to the White House in his inaugural parade. His first steps in the White House went further in this direction: Carter cut the size of the 500-member White House staff by one-third and reduced the perks for the president and cabinet members. He also fulfilled a campaign promise by issuing a "full complete and unconditional pardon" (amnesty) for Vietnam War-era draft evaders.