 Andrew McCabe is describing his firing as part of President Donald Trump's "ongoing war" with the FBI and the special counsel investigation. Attorney General Jeff Sessions fired the former FBI deputy director Friday, two days before McCabe was set to retire, ending  his two-decade career with the bureau. "This attack on my credibility is one part of a larger effort not just to slander me personally, but to taint the FBI, law enforcement and intelligence professionals more generally," McCabe said in a statement after his firing. "It is part of this administration's ongoing war on the FBI and the efforts of the special counsel investigation, which continue to this day.  Former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe was set to officially retire on March 18, but according to a source familiar with the matter, he could be fired just days before and lose his pension after a more than two-decade career at the bureau. The embattled official abruptly stepped down at the end of January and has been on leave since that time. CNN has learned the FBI's Office of Professional Responsibility has recommended McCabe be fired and now the decision is up to Attorney General Jeff Sessions. The issue stems from findings in an internal Justice Department watchdog report that claims he misled investigators about his decision to authorize FBI officials to speak to the media about an investigation into the Clinton Foundation.  Former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is currently at the Justice Department meeting with the deputy attorney general's office making his case why he should not be fired days before his 50th birthday and lose his pension, a source familiar with the meeting said. DOJ is expected to make a decision by Friday. McCabe was set to officially retire on March 18, but according to a source familiar with the matter, he could be fired just days before and lose his pension after a more than two-decade career at the bureau. The embattled official abruptly stepped down at the end of January and has been on leave since that time.