 The Trump transition team clashed with former Gen. James Mattis, the President-elect's choice for secretary of defense, over the transition selecting a secretary of the Army without his input, several sources told CNN. Mattis was angry and threatened to quit if the transition tried to appoint more people without him, one of the sources said. Vice President-elect Mike Pence had to talk to Mattis and smooth things over, the source added. The Washington Post first reported the disagreement. During his tenure as governor, Pence supported significant increases in education funding to pre-schools, voucher programs, and charter schools, but frequently clashed with supporters of traditional public schools. In 2014, a little over one year after taking office, Pence helped establish a $10 million state preschool pilot program in Indiana and testified personally before the state Senate Education Committee in favor of the program to convince fellow Republicans (several of whom opposed the proposal) to approve the plan. Although the plan was initially defeated, Pence successfully managed to revive it, "getting Indiana off the list of just 10 states that spent no direct funds to help poor children attend preschool." Demand for enrollment in the program "far outstripped" capacity, and Pence at first refused to apply for up to $80 million in federal Health and Human Services Preschool Development Grant program funding, arguing that "Indiana must develop our own pre-K program without federal intrusion."  At least one Democrat isn't thrilled with President Barack Obama's decision to head to Capitol Hill to rally his party's lawmakers Wednesday. West Virginia Sen. Joe Manchin will skip the meeting, designed to unify the party against repeal of the Affordable Care Act, arguing in an interview with CNN that it would only serve to poison any efforts for bipartisanship in the new Congress. Manchin has always been somewhat of a thorn in the Obama administration's side — and as a Democrat running for re-election in 2018 in a state President-elect Donald Trump won by 42 percentage points, there was no question that would continue. But his willingness to skip the meeting underscores that Capitol Hill Democrats aren't entirely unified in their opposition.