 During his youthful visits to Bowood House, the country seat of his patron Lord Lansdowne, he had passed his time at falling unsuccessfully in love with all the ladies of the house, whom he courted with a clumsy jocularity, while playing chess with them or giving them lessons on the harpsichord. Hopeful to the last, at the age of eighty he wrote again to one of them, recalling to her memory the far-off days when she had "presented him, in ceremony, with the flower in the green lane" . To the end of his life he could not hear of Bowood without tears swimming in his eyes, and he was forced to exclaim, "Take me forward, I entreat you, to the future—do not let me go back to the past." Bentham was the first person to be an aggressive advocate for the codification of all of the common law into a coherent set of statutes; he was actually the person who coined the verb "to codify" to refer to the process of drafting a legal code. He lobbied hard for the formation of codification commissions in both England and the United States, and went so far as to write to President James Madison in 1811 to volunteer to write a complete legal code for the young country. After he learned more about American law and realised that most of it was state-based, he promptly wrote to the governors of every single state with the same offer. The name Jeremy became popular in the United States in the 1960s going into the 1970s, rising abruptly from being the 296th-ranked most popular male name in 1968 to being the 14th-ranked most popular in 1976. Previously, it had been much more common in England and Wales (less so in the rest of the UK), though up to the Second World War it was often given only as a middle name even when parents intended their children to be known by it (this was the case with Jeremy Brett, Jeremy Clyde, Jeremy Thorpe, Jeremy Lloyd and several others) so did not officially rank in the Top 100 in 1934 or 1944. By 1954 it was 70th in popularity in England and Wales, and had risen to 47th in 1964, but had fallen to 62nd by 1974 and was out of the Top 100 by 1984. In England it has tended to be marked for middle-class status.