 The uneasy peace between the two leading Democratic 2020 progressives broke down Monday night, as Sen. Elizabeth Warren publicly accused Sen. Bernie Sanders of telling her during a private meeting in December 2018 that he didn't think a woman could win. The explosive accusation, which Sanders had previously denied in response to a CNN report, opened a chasm between the two leading liberals in the race and significantly raised the stakes ahead of Tuesday night's CNN/Des Moines Register Democratic presidential debate, the final one before voters cast their first ballots of the presidential season next month. Later on Monday night, Sanders senior adviser Jeff Weaver suggested in an interview with CNN's Chris Cuomo that Warren had misconstrued the conversation with Sanders. The controversy raised fresh questions about the importance of identity politics in Democratic politics amid ongoing accusations that the top of the party's field isn't sufficiently diverse.  Democratic primary rivals Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders agreed to disagree during Tuesday's primary debate on the contents of a private 2018 dinner conversation, punctuating a growing tension between the two leading 2020 progressives over whether Sanders had told Warren that a woman could not win during a discussion about the 2020 election. After Sanders again denied having made the remark Tuesday night, Warren -- who has confirmed what four sources told CNN about the meeting -- stood by her account and again said that she "disagreed" with Sanders' assessment before pivoting to an argument underscoring the electoral prowess of the female candidates on the debate stage. "But look, this question about whether or not a woman can be president has been raised and it's time for us to attack it head-on," Warren said. "I think the best way to talk about who can win is by looking at people's winning record.  Former Vice President Joe Biden is using President Donald Trump's own words in a new ad arguing he is the best candidate to beat Trump, released ahead of the Democratic debate in Iowa Tuesday. The ad, obtained first by CNN, features a montage of Trump saying Biden's name, followed by a narrator declaring, "Donald Trump has made it clear he's got Joe Biden on his mind because Trump knows Biden will beat him in Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin -- the states we need to take back the presidency." The ad comes as Biden stays focused on the campaign trail as the quarrel between his progressive rivals, Sens. Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders, is heating up.