 House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said Thursday that Attorney General William Barr committed a crime when he testified before Congress. "The attorney general of the United States of America was not telling the truth to the Congress of the United States. That's a crime," Pelosi told reporters at her weekly news conference on Capitol Hill. Barr has come under scrutiny for telling Congress last month that he didn't know whether special counsel Robert Mueller supported Barr's description of the report in his summary.  Dumb. That was the one word that just kept running through my head as the TV cameras showed the House Judiciary Committee hearing room -- packed with members of Congress -- and an empty chair where Attorney General William Barr was supposed to be. (Barr announced on Wednesday night that he wouldn't attend the hearing on the Mueller report because he refused to allow staff lawyers to ask him questions about the Mueller report.) That "dumb" whisper became a scream when the cameras caught Tennessee Rep. Steve Cohen (D) eating from a bucket of Kentucky Fried Chicken, a prop he had brought along to show that he believed Barr was -- wait for it -- chicken.  President Donald Trump indicated Thursday that he's not willing to allow former White House counsel Don McGahn -- a key figure in the Mueller report and Trump's efforts to obstruct the investigation -- to testify before Congress. The President's comments in a Fox News interview continue efforts by the White House to stonewall congressional Democrats' inquiries both in regard to the special counsel investigation and other matters. Last week, Trump vowed to fight "all the subpoenas" issued by House Democrats investigating his administration, and Attorney General William Barr refused to appear before the House Judiciary Committee on Thursday over a dispute about whether staff attorneys would be able to question him about the Mueller report. "I've had him testifying already for 30 hours and it's really -- so I don't think I can let him and then tell everybody else you can't, " Trump said Thursday.