 Senator Dick Durbin (D-Ill.) joins Soledad this morning to discuss the outlook for President Obama’s second term. On the negativity of Glenn Thrush’s comments to POLITICO, hours after Obama’s victory speech, he says, “I believe that for the American people the campaign ended last night. The question is, on Capitol Hill, will the campaigns end today? The solution to Americans’ problems, regardless of who won last night, was both parties on Capitol Hill working together.” With Republicans maintaining their majority in the House, Rep. John Boehner (R-OH) sees Obama’s re-election as a stalemate. Immediately after a secret recording of Mitch McConnell and his campaign staff was released to Mother Jones, McConnell expressed concerns about what he saw as a threat from the left. David Adams, a Kentucky Tea Party activist who was seeking a Republican opponent to McConnell, told The New York Times that McConnell's fears about "threats from the left" were misplaced. Adams said: "It's going to come from the right. The fact that he's coming unglued about this thing should make clear to observers that he may not be ready for the challenge that lies ahead." In October 2010, McConnell said that "the single most important thing we want to achieve is for President Obama to be a one-term president." Asked whether this meant "endless, or at least frequent, confrontation with the president," McConnell clarified that "if  willing to meet us halfway on some of the biggest issues, it's not inappropriate for us to do business with him." According to political scientists Jacob Hacker and Paul Pierson, "Facing off against Obama,  worked to deny even minimal Republican support for major presidential initiatives—initiatives that were, as a rule, in keeping with the moderate model of decades past, and often with moderate Republican stances of a few years past." The New York Times noted early during Obama's administration that "on the major issues—not just health care, but financial regulation and the economic stimulus package, among others—Mr.