Early modern Europe is the period of European history between the end of the Middle Ages and the beginning of the Industrial Revolution, roughly the late 15th century to the late 18th century. Historians variously mark the beginning of the early modern period with the invention of moveable type printing in the 1450s, the Fall of Constantinople in 1453, the end of the Wars of the Roses in 1487, the beginning of the High Renaissance in Italy in the 1490s, the end of the Reconquista and subsequent voyages of Christopher Columbus to the Americas in 1492, or the start of the Protestant Reformation in 1517. The precise dates of its end point also vary and are usually linked with either the start of the French Revolution in 1789 or with the more vaguely defined beginning of the Industrial Revolution in late 18th century England. Some of the more notable trends and events of the early modern period included the Reformation and the religious conflicts it provoked (including the French Wars of Religion and the Thirty Years' War), the rise of capitalism and modern nation states, widespread witch hunts and European colonization of the Americas.  Pope Francis announced Monday the institution of a World Day of Prayer for the Care of Creation, to be celebrated every year, beginning this September 1. "As Christians," the Pope said in a letter the Vatican published Monday, "we wish to contribute to resolving the ecological crisis which humanity is presently experiencing. In doing so, we must first rediscover in our own rich spiritual patrimony the deepest motivations for our concern for the care of creation." September 1 has been chosen to coincide with the same day of prayer already celebrated in the Christian Orthodox Church.  Dear Earthlings, stop worrying about an asteroid collision in September. That's the message from NASA, which countered a viral rumor Wednesday with a news release. The headline was blunt: "NASA: There is No Asteroid Threatening Earth." "There is no scientific basis -- not one shred of evidence -- that an asteroid or any other celestial object will impact Earth" on the rumored dates, said NASA's Paul Chodas, manager at NASA's Near-Earth Object office.