The firing of Comey was seen as a national security threat by the FBI, and former F.B.I. general counsel James A. Baker testified that it obstructed an investigation, and that obstruction created a national security threat because it "hurt our ability to figure out what the Russians had done". This relation between a possible crime by Trump and national security concerns was seen by former law enforcement officials as a possible attempt by Trump to "impede or even end the Russia investigation", and thus the reason the criminal and counterintelligence elements of the Russian interference investigation were coupled together.  The FBI is investigating any possible coordination between members of the Trump presidential campaign and Russia, and there is no evidence of wiretaps on Trump Tower. Those were some of the takeaways from a lengthy hearing Monday where the directors of the FBI and National Security Agency testified before the House Intelligence Committee covering Russian interference in the 2016 election. FBI Director James Comey and National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers spent hours answering questions from members of Congress on both sides of the aisle. Here are some of the key things we learned.  FBI Director James Comey said for the first time Monday that the bureau is investigating whether there was any coordination between the Trump campaign and Moscow while Russia was interfering in the presidential election. Comey also delivered an implicit rebuke to President Donald Trump, saying that he had "no information" to support claims by the President that he was wiretapped on the orders of predecessor Barack Obama. In a dramatic hearing before the House Intelligence Committee, Comey, once again finding himself at the epicenter of a political storm, also said that Russian President Vladimir Putin had a clear preference for whom he wanted to see as the next president -- and it was not Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. Comey's comments represented his most explicit intervention yet in the controversy over what US intelligence agencies have assessed was a Russian attempt to disrupt the election -- and a string of counter-claims against the previous administration leveled by Trump himself.