Following Walters' retirement, the show faced criticism for constant changes in its lineup of co-hosts, namely the one-season stints of McCarthy, Rosie Perez, Nicolle Wallace, and Michelle Collins, respectively. In July 2015, Daniel D'Addario of Time suggested that it was time for ABC to end The View, citing the show's inability to maintain a consistent panel as a factor. In 2016, Lisa de Moraes of Deadline Hollywood wrote: "The View’s revolving door has been spinning so dizzily on the show the past few seasons, that panelists these days do a lot of disagreement prefacing with 'You know I love you, but….' as a pre-emptive measure for inevitable 'They Couldn’t Stand Each Other' press reports whenever a panelist exits." McCain's attitude towards the occupant of the White House took another negative turn in February 2018, following repeated public criticism by the chief executive of her husband's nay vote that had doomed the so-called "Skinny repeal" effort to dismantle Obamacare. McCain said: "I think the president fails to understand this, but more importantly, in my own – from my own feeling, we need more compassion, we need more empathy, we need more togetherness in terms of working together. We don't need more bullying, and I'm tired of it." In July 2018 McCain issued a public statement one year after her husband's initial prognosis, saying that "Though this diagnosis has brought many challenges, our hearts are nevertheless filled with gratitude" towards caregivers, colleagues, and friends. In 2017, the New York Post attributed the show's resurgence in viewership to its political discussions. David Hinckley of HuffPost opined that the show has been successful in consistently implementing its original premise and that in regards to its co-hosts, it has "sought to maintain a balance in areas like ethnicity and ideology. While most of the panelists over the years have tilted a bit to the left, there has always been a voice from the right that’s unafraid to speak up." Writing for the New York Times in May 2019, Amanda FitzSimons notes that what sets The View apart from other entertainment and news programs is the fascination with the show's hosts and that it "remains one of the few places on TV where audiences can watch authentic human drama."