The Pew Research Center released its 10th annual report on Global Restrictions on Religion as part of the Pew-Templeton Global Religious Futures project, funded by The Pew Charitable Trusts and the John Templeton Foundation. While the previous reports focused on year-over-year change, this report provides a broader look at the trend in particular regions and in 198 countries. The report documents how government restrictions on religion and social hostilities involving religion have changed and increased, from 2007 to 2017. It said 52 governments impose high levels of restrictions on religion, up from 40 in 2007, while 56 countries experienced the highest levels of social hostilities involving religion, up from 38 in 2007. A prominent organization in the United States behind the intelligent design movement is the  Discovery Institute, which, through its Center for Science and Culture, conducts a number of public relations and lobbying campaigns aimed at influencing the public and policy makers in order to advance its position in academia. The Discovery Institute claims that because there is a significant lack of public support for evolution, that public schools should, as their campaign states, "Teach the Controversy", although there is no controversy over the validity of evolution within the scientific community.  I have long thought millennials, who expect flexibility in the workplace, would be the group that would bring an end to the stigma that is too-often associated with flex time -- the belief that wanting a flexible work arrangement means you aren't willing to work as hard. But now I'm thinking it's going to be men who will get us there. A new report by the Working Mother Research Institute had some fairly startling findings: Nearly eight out of 10 men (77%) say they have flexible work schedules and nearly the same amount (79%) say they feel somewhat or very comfortable using flex time. The online survey of 1,000 men, 65% of whom were married or had a partner and who had an average age of 39, also found that most men prefer a mix of working from home as well as in the office.