Georgetown University offers undergraduate degrees in forty-eight majors in the four undergraduate schools, as well as the opportunity for students to design their courses of study. All majors in the College are open as minors to students in the College, the School of Nursing and Health Studies, and the School of Business. Students in the School of Foreign Service can complete select certificates that complement the school's focus on foreign affairs and attain a minor in one of twelve languages but do not have access to the same minor selection as the other three schools. All courses are on a credit hour system.  First lady Michelle Obama, on a visit to London on Tuesday, announced a new partnership between the United States and United Kingdom to improve girls' access to education around the world. The two countries are launching "a nearly $200 million partnership to continue their collective support for adolescent girls' education," according to a news release from Obama's office. Obama met with Prime Minister David Cameron to officially announce the initiative. Special attention and portions of the funds will be devoted "to countries affected by conflict and crisis," with the Democratic Republic of the Congo set to receive $180 million over five years, benefiting "more than 755,000 girls aged 10 to 18," according to the press release. Each summer Georgetown University's McDonough Gymnasium hosts the Kenner League. Named after one of the founders and first director of the Metropolitan Police Boys' and Girls' Club of Washington DC, the Kenner league is the only NCAA sanctioned summer league in Washington DC. Formed in 1982, the league allows Georgetown players to continue their development in an NCAA-structured environment, and to stay within view of watchful eyes on a college campus (even if the coaches were not allowed there by NCAA rules). From its humble beginnings, the Kenner legacy continued to build throughout the 1980s, with coverage in the Washington Post beginning around 1986, then a high school bracket following soon thereafter, and ultimately the arrival of "senior" teams featuring a mix of former Georgetown players, visiting NBA stars, and local hoop legends.