 California Republican Rep. Devin Nunes is suing Twitter and three individual Twitter users, accusing them of defaming him in order to derail his re-election campaign and deter him from the Russia investigation. Nunes, an ally of President Donald Trump and former chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, filed the complaint Tuesday in Virginia state court, seeking $250 million in damages and $350,000 in punitive damages. READ: Devin Nunes' defamation lawsuit against Twitter, users who criticized him The California congressman accuses Twitter of allowing the users to spread "false and defamatory statements" about him, alleging that the company harbors a political agenda against conservatives. "As part of its agenda to squelch Nunes' voice, cause him extreme pain and suffering, influence the 2018 Congressional election, and distract, intimidate and interfere with Nunes' investigation into corruption and Russian involvement in the 2016 Presidential Election, Twitter did absolutely nothing," the complaint says. On March 18, 2019, Nunes filed a defamation lawsuit against Twitter, Elizabeth "Liz" Mair, Mair Strategies LLC, and the Twitter accounts, "Devin Nunes's Mom" (@DevinNunesMom) and "Devin Nunes's Cow" (@DevinCow), seeking $250 million in damages. As the story went viral, the popularity of the defendants' accounts soared, gaining more followers than Nunes's own account. The San Francisco Chronicle cited this as an example of the Streisand Effect. Kathryn Watson of CBS News said the filing was "particularly interesting" because in 2018 Nunes supported the "Discouraging Frivolous Lawsuits Act".  On Tuesday, Rep. Devin Nunes filed a defamation lawsuit against Twitter for allowing users to post insulting tweets about him. The suit also alleges that Twitter deliberately prevented users from seeing his own tweets. In addition, Nunes is suing three Twitter users for their posts -- including a cartoon depicting a fabricated sex act between President Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin along with claims that Nunes caused his family "shame" and was named "Most Likely to Commit Treason" in high school. On Tuesday, President Trump weighed in on the lawsuit, saying "we have to do something" about social networks because "names are taken off, people aren't getting through" and "it seems to be if they're conservatives, if they're Republicans."