In July, WikiLeaks released 92,000 documents related to the war in Afghanistan between 2004 and the end of 2009 to the publications The Guardian, The New York Times and Der Spiegel. The documents detail individual incidents including "friendly fire" and civilian casualties. About 15,000 of the 92,000 documents have not yet been released by WikiLeaks, as the group is currently reviewing the documents to remove some of the sources of the information. WikiLeaks asked the Pentagon and human-rights groups to help remove names from the documents to reduce the potential harm caused by their release, but did not receive assistance. The publication of the cables was the third in a series of U.S. classified document "mega-leaks" distributed by WikiLeaks in 2010, following the Afghan War documents leak in July, and the Iraq War documents leak in October. Over 130,000 of the cables are unclassified, some 100,000 are labeled "confidential", around 15,000 have the higher classification "secret", and none are classified as "top secret" on the classification scale. ==Reactions==Reactions to the leak in 2010 varied. Western governments expressed strong disapproval, while the material generated intense interest from the public and journalists.  WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, whose seven-year stay in the Ecuadorian embassy in London ended after his arrest on Thursday, has long claimed the US wanted him behind bars for sharing files the government didn't want the world to see. When the Justice Department finally unsealed the indictment against him Thursday, it contained a single charge alleging a conspiracy to help Chelsea Manning, the then-US Army intelligence officer who gave files to Assange in 2010, crack a password. Should Assange be extradited from the UK and convicted the maximum sentence he could serve is five years A US official briefed on the matter told CNN that the Justice Department expect to bring additional charges. It's not clear whether those charges would relate directly to WikiLeaks publishing classified material.