 Republicans eyeing the White House are caught between two political blasphemies: angering the conservative base and disagreeing with a very popular Pope. Pope Francis released a highly anticipated papal document on climate change and the environment on Thursday, calling the fight against global warming a moral imperative and "one of the principal challenges facing humanity." In the 180-page letter, which carries enormous weight within the Catholic community and marks a significant milestone in the global climate change debate, Francis warns that human activity is largely responsible for "global environmental deterioration" and that humans must fundamentally change their consumption patterns. The encyclical is already resonating in American politics.  If there were a headquarters for U.S.-based opposition to Pope Francis' climate change plans, it would be Chicago. That's the home of the Heartland Institute, a libertarian public policy think tank that has organized conferences, churned out podcasts, videos, and white papers, and recently arranged a trip to Rome -- all in an effort to build opposition to the pope's environmental message. Through its efforts, the free market-oriented group has emerged as the most active and vocal organization taking on the pontiff over an issue that some scientists and pols see as the cause of our time. Al Gore and the United Nations also have previously been in the organization's crosshairs on environmental issues.  Climate change -- long the subject of a divisive political debate -- is getting a boost of fresh attention heading into the 2016 presidential campaign thanks to an unlikely public figure: the Pope. The Vatican is set to release Pope Francis' highly anticipated encyclical -- an official document delivering teachings from the Pope -- on the environment and climate change this week. Marking the second such document from the Pope since he assumed the papacy in March 2013, the encyclical is expected to cast the battle against global warming as a moral obligation. With his famously warm and humble gestures and a vision for a more inclusive Catholic Church, Pope Francis has publicly addressed other sensitive political topics like same-sex marriage, abortion and economic inequality.