 Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said President Donald Trump should proceed with his summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday even as the political fallout continues over the indictments of 12 Russian military intelligence officers for hacking into Democrats' computer networks and emails during the 2016 presidential campaign. Despite calls by top Democrats in Congress for Trump to cancel the meeting, Pompeo told reporters on his flight back from Mexico Friday night, "I think it's very important that they meet." "I am confident that President Trump's meeting with Vladimir Putin will put America in a better place," Pompeo said. Trump plans to meet one-on-one with Putin at the start of their first formal summit talks in Helsinki, Finland, before allowing other aides to participate.  For the second day in a row, the Senate pushed back on President Donald Trump, showing stiff resistance to his key policy decisions on tariffs and NATO even as the President is at a summit in Europe wrestling with allies over those same issues. Senators voted overwhelmingly Wednesday calling on Trump to get congressional approval before using national security as a reason for imposing tariffs on other nations, as he did recently with steel and aluminum levies against Mexico, Canada and the European Union. The bipartisan 88-to-11 tally on the non-binding resolution sends a message to the White House about how frustrated senators are over Trump's disruptive moves on tariffs. However, future efforts to pass enforceable legislation likely face an uphill battle over Trump's objections.  On the fourth chaotic day of fallout from President Donald Trump's hugely consequential remarks regarding the US relationship to Russia, Congress did something rare: it took unified action. The Senate overwhelmingly approved a proposal to oppose sending US officials to be interrogated by Russian officials, though it's unclear what if any concrete legislative options Republican leaders in Congress would take beyond statements and non-binding resolutions. The 98-0 vote came after the White House announced it now disagreed with the proposal from Russian President Vladimir Putin to question former US ambassador to Russia Michael McFaul and others, which the White House had up until Thursday afternoon said it was considering. Thursday's vote was a rare sign of consensus to address the divisive fallout of Trump's highly controversial remarks earlier this week, where the US President appeared to back Putin over the US intelligence community assessment that Russia interfered with the 2016 US presidential election.