 President Barack Obama accepted his party's nomination for re-election on Thursday, telling the Democratic  National Convention and Americans that only the voters in November have the power to secure the change he started. In a tough speech that sounded now-familiar themes of his campaign, the president sought to show his supporters that their votes for him four years ago brought achievements that would be wiped out if Republican challenger Mitt Romney wins the election two months away. "If you turn away now -- if you buy into the cynicism that the change we fought for isn't possible, well, change will not happen," Obama said, depicting a scenario in which special interests and conservative politicians run Washington and the country. "...  Only you can make sure that doesn't happen.  When first lady Michelle Obama took the stage Tuesday night at the Democratic National Convention, she told the kind of tale about President Barack Obama that only a wife can. She told of the profound impact of watching his grandmother and single mother's efforts to work and raise children in a system that often didn't value their efforts. "Barack's grandmother started out as a secretary at a community bank, and she moved quickly up the ranks. But like so many women, she hit a glass ceiling," Michelle Obama said.  As Michelle Obama took the stage at the Democratic National Convention on Tuesday night, she faced a similar task as Ann Romney of presenting her husband as a father and family man, above his public persona in the political spotlight. "When people ask me whether being in the White House has changed my husband, I can honestly say that when it comes to his character, and his convictions, and his heart, Barack Obama is still the same man I fell in love with all those years ago," Mrs. Obama said. The first lady spoke on the convention's opening night, exactly one week after Ann Romney delivered what one CNN analyst called "political velvet," an address at the GOP convention in Tampa that took her sometimes robotic businessman husband, Mitt Romney, and turned him into a charismatic candidate who will be a champion of working-class Americans. Michelle Obama has an easier job ahead of her in convincing voters of the president's likability; his favorability in this area ranks far above that of his GOP opponent.