 White House press secretary Sarah Sanders repeatedly refused Monday to account for the discrepancy between contradictory statements she and President Donald Trump's lawyers made about the President's role in dictating the 2016 Trump Tower meeting response. "You're referencing a letter that came directly from outside counsel and I would refer you to them," Sanders said Monday during the White House briefing. "I'm not going to get into a back and forth." Trump's personal attorneys said in a January letter to special counsel Robert Mueller obtained by The New York Times last week that Trump "dictated a short but accurate response to The New York Times article on behalf of his son, Donald Trump, Jr." Sanders, meanwhile, said last August that Trump "certainly didn't dictate" the initial misleading statement Trump Jr. released about his meeting with a Russian lawyer at Trump Tower during the 2016 campaign.  Rudy Giuliani denied Monday that the disclosure by Donald Trump's attorneys that the President dictated a crucial statement on the infamous June 2016 Trump Tower meeting -- a reversal from past denials -- constituted a lie, instead claiming it was a routine mistake. "It was a mistake," Giulani, a lawyer for Trump in the Russia investigation, said on CNN's "Cuomo Prime Time" Monday. "I swear to God, it was a mistake." The meeting -- and Trump's role in the statement -- has become a central focus of special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election and possible collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign.  Donald Trump's lawyer Rudy Giuliani claimed Sunday that the President hypothetically could have shot the former FBI director to end the Russia investigation and not face prosecution for it while in office. Giuliani told HuffPost in an interview that Trump's presidential power extends so far that "in no case can he be subpoenaed or indicted." "I don't know how you can indict while he's in office. No matter what it is," he said.