 Bernie Sanders is positioned to officially throw his support behind Democratic rival Hillary Clinton in New Hampshire on Tuesday, CNN's John King reported on "Inside Politics" Sunday. The Sanders campaign confirmed Monday that the Vermont senator will appear with Clinton at a Portsmouth High School rally. In a statement, the campaign does not use the term endorsement but bills the event as an opportunity "to discuss their commitment to building an America that is stronger together and an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top." The move comes after the Democratic Platform Committee, meeting in Orlando, adopted some of the Vermont senator's key positions.  Groups that supported Bernie Sanders over Hillary Clinton in the Democratic primary are starting to coalesce around the former secretary of state. Ahead of Sanders' expected endorsement of Clinton in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, the Communications Workers of America and Congressional Progressive Caucus PAC endorsed Clinton for president on Monday. Also joining those groups: Rep. Barbara Lee, a liberal California lawmaker who refused to endorse Clinton earlier this year. Clinton and Sanders, after months of at times acrimonious campaigning against each other, will stand on the same stage Tuesday, where the liberal senator is expected to end his campaign and back Clinton.  Hillary Clinton will meet with Senate Democrats at a policy luncheon Thursday on Capitol Hill, a Democratic source told CNN, part of her efforts to coalesce party support around her campaign. The visit comes on the heels of Sen. Bernie Sanders' endorsement on Tuesday in New Hampshire, and two weeks before she is expected to accept the party's presidential nomination in Philadelphia. The meeting also is likely Clinton's last chance to hold court with Democratic leaders in Washington before they recess for the summer. And it will take place days before the Republican convention opens to officially nominate presumptive nominee Donald Trump.