 The Missouri GOP Senate candidate under fire for his controversial comments about rape has asked for "forgiveness" and plans to pursue his bid for office despite calls to withdraw. U.S. Rep. Todd Akin faces a Tuesday deadline to withdraw from the U.S. Senate race in Missouri. The six-term congressman caused an uproar among both Republicans and Democrats after he said in a television interview Sunday that a woman's body is capable of preventing pregnancy in cases of "legitimate rape." Top congressional Republicans, including House Speaker John Boehner, Senate GOP leader Mitch McConnell and Sen. John Cornyn of Texas, advised Akin to spend time considering what is best for his family, party and country -- political code for urging him to withdraw. Republicans made multiple calls for Akin to step down as nominee. The Washington Post reported Republicans dissociating themselves from Akin as a means of damage control. NRSC chairman John Cornyn said the Republican Party would no longer provide Akin with Senate election funding and that Akin was "endangering Republicans' hopes of retaking the majority in the Senate". In August, when the comments were made, Nate Silver gave the Republicans over a 60 percent chance of gaining a majority in the Senate.  The fallout over U.S. Senate candidate Todd Akin's controversial comments on rape jolted Republicans nationally on Monday and threatened longer-term consequences for them, potentially reviving the "war on women" debate and possibly hurting their campaign to win control of the Senate. Republican leaders let out a collective groan when Akin claimed in a television interview on Sunday that "legitimate rape" rarely resulted in pregnancy, saying that "the female body has ways to try to shut that whole thing down." A social conservative congressman, Akin apologized repeatedly as the political uproar intensified and sought to clarify his remarks, saying he misspoke. Democrats skewered him nevertheless and many top Republicans called for Akin to reconsider his decision to stay in the Missouri race a week before they nominate Mitt Romney for president at their Tampa convention.