 President Barack Obama said Wednesday that the world set a red line against chemical weapons use that he now seeks to apply to Syria, while a Senate committee approved a resolution authorizing the U.S. military attack that he is planning. By a 10-7 vote, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee passed the resolution that authorizes a limited military response, giving Obama an initial victory in his push to win congressional approval. The measure now goes to the full Senate for debate next week. The Democratic-led chamber is expected to pass it, but the outcome is less clear in the Republican-led House where top diplomatic and military officials made their case on Wednesday for action.  Secretary of State John Kerry, Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey answered questions for 3 ½ hours on Tuesday at the first congressional hearing on President Barack Obama's request for authorization to launch a military strike against Syria over chemical weapons. The hearing by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, which Kerry used to chair, covered a range of issues about the proposed U.S. military response raised by legislators and people across the country. Here are five things we learned from it: Live blog of the hearing 1) Proposed Senate resolution The top Democrat and Republican on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee worked out a joint proposal for authorizing military action in Syria. Democrat Robert Menendez, chairman of the panel, said he and Bob Corker, its ranking member, believe the plan "reflects the will and concerns of Democrats and Republicans alike."  The world is waiting to see whether the United States will strike against the Syrian regime -- and whether anyone will join in. U.S. President Barack Obama said there's no doubt Syria used chemical weapons on its own civilians on August 21, and he wants to launch attacks, but he first wants to get Congress' approval after lawmakers come back from recess next week. Here are the latest developments: LATEST  -- The Senate Foreign Relations Committee will take up a revised authorization bill Wednesday for the use of force in Syria, Democratic sources told CNN. The bill limits the authorization to 60 days, with an option for an additional 30-day deadline, and makes clear there would be no U.S. boots on the ground, according to a copy of the text provided by a legislative source.