 Ben Carson is calling on the five Republican presidential candidates to all gather and bury their hatchets before Thursday night's debate in Detroit. In a statement, Carson, a long-shot in a race dominated by Donald Trump, Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, said that "this race has taken a turn for the worse, to the point of embarrassment on the world stage." He blamed the race's negativity -- which in recent days has featured Trump mocking Rubio's perspiration and Rubio joking about the size of Trump's fingers -- on the media. "If we are to defeat our Democratic opponent in the general election this November, we must reach an agreement together with each other that we will not succumb to the media's desire for a fight on the stage in Detroit," Carson said in a statement Tuesday afternoon.  The Sunshine State and CNN on Thursday played host to the final GOP debate before the Florida primary. As expected from this cycle's presidential debates, the words were important, but there was even more substance in the body language. The debate got off to a start with a "long hard look" at immigration with Donald Trump. Trump tried to tell Texas Sen. Ted Cruz that he has changed his views on ethanol.  Donald Trump consulted with his campaign manager during the first commercial break at Thursday night's Republican debate, violating ground rules from Fox News stating that candidates would not be allowed to have contact with their campaigns, rival campaign sources told CNNMoney. While that exchange was the clearest violation of debate rules to date, the sources said, it followed a pattern: At multiple debates, Trump has consulted with his campaign manager Corey Lewandowski backstage even though it was expressly forbidden by the networks. Thursday night's debate in Detroit marked a new extreme, however, as Lewandowski went directly onto the stage to meet with Trump during the commercial break. As in previous debates, Fox News had explicitly informed the campaigns that candidates were not allowed to communicate with their campaign staff during commercial breaks, the sources said.