American cuisine reflects the history of the United States, blending the culinary contributions of various groups of people from around the world, including indigenous American Indians, African Americans, Asians, Europeans, Pacific Islanders, and Latin Americans. Though much of American cuisine is fusion cuisine reflecting global cuisine, many regional cuisines have deeply rooted ethnic heritages, including Cajun, Louisiana Creole, Native American, New Mexican, Pennsylvania Dutch, Soul food, and Tlingit. Early Native Americans utilized a number of cooking methods in early American cuisine that have been blended with early European cooking methods to form the basis of what is now American cuisine. The European settlement of the Americas introduced a number of ingredients, spices, herbs, and cooking styles to the continent.  New research focusing on underage Mexican immigrants trying to cross the border illegally into the United States shows these minors don't put aside their American dream easily, even if caught multiple times by immigration authorities. According to a new report published by the Pew Research Center, out of 11,000 Mexican minors who tried to cross the border illegally between last October 1 and May 31, "only 2,700 children (24% of all the apprehensions) reported being apprehended for the first time in their lives." This means that more than three-quarters of the children have been caught trying to cross the border illegally more than once. According to the report, 15% of these would-be migrants had been detained by immigration authorities and deported at least six times. The culture of Mexico reflects the country's complex history and is the result of the gradual blending of native culture (particularly Mesoamerican) with Spanish culture and other Mexico cultures.First inhabited more than 10,000 years ago, the cultures that developed in Mexico became one of the cradles of civilization. During the 300-year rule by the Spanish, Mexico was a crossroad for the people and cultures of Europe, Africa, and Asia. The government of independent Mexico actively promoted shared cultural traits in order to create a national identity.The culture of an individual Mexican is influenced by their familial ties, gender, religion, location, and social class, among other factors. In many ways, contemporary life in the cities of Mexico has become similar to that in neighboring United States and Europe, with provincial people conserving traditions more than city dwellers.