 President Barack Obama is sharing his harsh assessment of his current and former European counterparts following the 2011 NATO-led intervention in Libya that resulted in the death of Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi. In a profile published Thursday in The Atlantic, the President told author Jeffrey Goldberg that British Prime Minister David Cameron became "distracted by a range of other things" after the operation. Cameron, along with former French President Nicolas Sarkozy, took the brunt of Obama's criticism. Although Obama thinks the intervention went as well as it could, he views Libya today as a "mess."  Hailing the often-overlooked partnership between the United States and Canada, President Barack Obama lauded the liberal agenda of Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau Thursday, casting him as an heir to his own progressive legacy. "No two nations agree on everything," Obama said during a morning news conference in the White House Rose Garden. "Our countries are no different, but in terms of our interests and values and how we approach the world, few countries match up the way the United States and Canada do." They did, however, acknowledge their differences on sports, from baseball to hockey.  President Barack Obama was two hours into a round of golf on one of the toughest courses in the world when he learned his final months in office were about to take a dramatic turn. When an aide interrupted Obama's game on the PGA West Stadium Course outside Palm Springs to inform him Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia had suddenly died, the enormity of the moment was immediately clear: he'd been handed the first chance in decades to fundamentally alter the high court's ideological makeup. Weekending in Southern California's Coachella Valley ahead of a meeting with Asian leaders, neither Obama nor anyone else in the White House could have anticipated the vacancy. Obama finished his round with three childhood buddies from Hawaii and would later deliver a short statement on Scalia in a hotel conference room.