 An outbreak of Legionnaires' disease linked to a state fair this month in North Carolina has grown to 25 confirmed cases, including one death, according to the state division of public health. The source of the outbreak is under investigation but the North Carolina Division of Public Health said in an online post that many of the cases reported attending the NC Mountain State Fair in Fletcher between September 6 and 15. Authorities are looking at airborne droplets from water rides at the fair as a possible cause of the outbreak, Kelly Haight Connor, a spokeswoman for the state's Department of Health and Human Services, told CNN Thursday. Health officials said 15 confirmed cases were reported in Buncombe County, including one fatality; Haywood and Transylvania counties each reported two cases; and Henderson County reported six cases.  With the end of the New York state measles outbreak, "the United States anticipates maintaining its measles elimination status," a statement from the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said on Thursday. There are no longer any active measles cases in New York state associated with the outbreak that began in October 2018, the New York State Department of Health said Thursday. More than 42 days have passed without any new measles cases in New York's Sullivan and Orange counties, the statement said, and outbreaks in Rockland County and New York City also ended recently. "The threat, however, for vaccine-preventable diseases remains and the Department is not letting down its guard," New York state Health Commissioner Dr. Howard Zucker said in a statement Thursday, adding that there are responses underway in Nassau, Monroe and Putnam counties, which have measles exposures related to international travel. Coinfections complicate Lyme symptoms, especially diagnosis and treatment. It is possible for a tick to carry and transmit one of the coinfections and not Borrelia, making diagnosis difficult and often elusive. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention studied 100 ticks in rural New Jersey, and found 55% of the ticks were infected with at least one of the pathogens.