 The Democratic National Committee's Rules and Bylaws Committee voted to remove "virtual caucusing" from Iowa's and Nevada's 2020 caucus plans on Friday, giving the states about two weeks to form an alternative proposal. The move leaves Iowa -- which had planned to use only the vote-by-phone method to comply with the Democratic Party's rules to expand voting access in the caucus states -- in a particularly tough position. Nevada's plans included in-person early voting, meaning the committee could find the state's plan in compliance without that element. Last week, DNC Chairman Tom Perez issued a statement with the committee's co-chairs saying the vote-by-phone method didn't meet security standards set to avoid hacking or tampering.  The October Democratic presidential primary debate will take place in Ohio on October 15 with a potential second debate the following night if enough candidates qualify, according to an email sent by the Democratic National Committee to the 2020 democratic presidential campaigns and provided to CNN by a source. The DNC said it will release more information on the venue and news outlet hosting the debate in the coming days. The October debate will retain the same heightened qualification threshold as the debate set for September 12 -- a 2% polling threshold in four qualifying polls and at least 130,000 unique donors including 400 donors each from at least 20 states. Qualifying polls released between June 28 and 11:59 p.m.  Democratic presidential candidate Pete Buttigieg released his first television ad in Iowa on Friday, debuting a spot that looks to bridge the divide inside the Democratic Party months out from the state's caucuses. The Buttigieg ad mimics his message on the campaign trail: his time as the mayor of South Bend, Indiana, has taught him it's vital to bring people together. "To meet these challenges and to defeat this president, we need real solutions, not more polarization," Buttigieg says in the spot after acknowledging the needs to address climate change, rising health care costs and gun safety. The ad -- which Buttigieg's campaign would only say is part of a "significant statewide buy" -- also highlighted Buttigieg's personal story as a mayor who took time away from his job to serve in Afghanistan.