 Beyond the insults and brinksmanship that contributed to the cancellation of the historic meeting between President Donald Trump and Kim Jong Un was the seeming reluctance from North Korea to actually proceed with plans for the summit, which had been destined to take place in Singapore on June 12. A senior White House official said late Thursday that during Secretary of State Mike Pompeo's second trip to Pyongyang, the regime promised to send delegates to Singapore to work with American counterparts on logistics for the meeting. Last week, the White House sent its deputy chief of staff and his advance team to the city state, the official said. "The North Koreans never showed up.  President Donald Trump will not meet North Korean leader Kim Jong Un next month, he announced in a letter to Kim released by the White House Thursday morning, scrapping plans for what would have been a historic diplomatic summit. He said during an appearance from the Roosevelt Room the decision amounted to a "tremendous setback" and warned North Korea that the US military is ready to act should Pyongyang take any "foolish and reckless" action. "Our military, which is by far the most powerful anywhere in the world that has been greatly enhanced recently as we all know, is ready as necessary," he said. But he left open the door to renewing the diplomatic thaw which had preceded the anticipated talks.  Denuclearization is one of the first words that comes to mind when discussing diplomatic efforts on the Korean Peninsula. The term has been bandied about in recent months, from Seoul to Washington to Beijing, yet there's little agreement on what each side means. As US President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un prepare to meet, are they talking about same thing when it comes to denuclearization? What the United States means Over the past decade, United States and South Korea have had one clear goal when it comes to denuclearization in North Korea: CVID -- complete, verifiable, irreversible dismantlement of Pyongyang's program.