Vincent Moranto (Louis Mustillo) is Joyce's on-and-off boyfriend in Season 1, who thereafter becomes her fiancé. He is a widower and tends to be chauvinistic and sarcastic, and also likes to openly discuss his sex life, one of the main reasons neither Mike nor Molly seek out his company nor spend more time around him than required. He is a high school dropout and can come across as unintelligent, though the series has shown or mentioned he had made a lot of money in the past through his various enterprises (some of which may be a bit "shady"). In the second-to-last episode of Season 2, it is revealed he is technically still married to a much older woman. Matt Zoller Seitz of RogerEbert.com gave the film two-and-a-half out of four stars, mainly criticizing the film's confused disposition towards revenge: " keeps telling you that revenge poisons the soul and is generally a bad idea while serving up awesome scenes of Mitch and colleagues killing terrorists.... It doesn't take long to figure out where the film's heart lies, and it would've been more honest if it had embraced that impulse from the start." In addition, other negative reviews came from those such as Ed Potton of The Times, who said "It's just about conceivable that somebody who has never seen a spy thriller might find some enjoyment in American Assassin", and Soren Anderson of the Seattle Times, who wrote, "O'Brien is grimly focused as Rapp, but there isn't a lot of electricity in his performance. He gets the job done, but he's no Matt Damon or Daniel Craig. Although she is generally dimwitted, high, or drunk (often all at once), Victoria is much more intelligent than other characters give her credit for. When Peggy got into a fight with Mike and announced that she would not attend his wedding because Mike was inviting his father, it was Victoria that convinced her to reconsider by pointing out how well Mike turned out because of Peggy's influence. She also pointed out that she could use the occasion to show Mike's father how well she's done since he left, the mistake he made by leaving, gave suggestions on what she could wear to the wedding to show off her legs (complimenting on how well they've held up) and even offered to help her with her makeup for the day. On that same episode, she has a conversation with Mike about death and what happens after one dies, and even explains her party attitude (she thinks it best to have as good a time as one can while alive in case there's no afterlife).