 Rudy Giuliani, newly added to President Donald Trump's legal team, met this week with the special counsel to discuss the potential of an interview with Trump, two sources told CNN. The sources said the negotiations will continue, and one confirmed special counsel Robert Mueller was in the meeting. Although Trump has previously said publicly he would like to do an interview with Mueller, the other source stressed that Trump's willingness changed after the raid on his personal attorney Michael Cohen, describing the change as a "seismic shift" in the President's thinking. Jay Sekulow, an attorney for Trump, told CNN he was "not commenting on meetings we have had or have not had."  Rudy Giuliani, a recent addition to President Donald Trump's legal team, sketched out a set of terms on Wednesday for a potential interview between Trump and special counsel Robert Mueller in an interview with The Washington Post. Giuliani told The Post that if the President participates in an interview with Mueller, who is investigating Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election, it would need to be no longer than "two to three hours" of questioning based on "a narrow set of questions." The comments follow heightened speculation over whether the President will sit for an interview as part of the special counsel investigation, which is also looking into any possible links or coordination between Trump campaign associates and the Russian government. Trump has repeatedly called the investigation a "witch hunt" and said there was no collusion.  Rudy Giuliani's cable rollout as a member of President Donald Trump's legal team, and the torrent of statements he made Wednesday night, caught many in the White House offguard and flat-footed, highlighting the continued chaotic nature of the President's communications strategy. White House press secretary Sarah Sanders told reporters during Thursday's briefing she only learned that Trump had reimbursed Cohen when Giuliani said it on television. "The first awareness I had was during the interview last night," Sanders. Giuliani told CNN Thursday he and Trump are in sync.