 Preliminary results in Sunday's referendum on whether Ukraine's Crimea region should join Russia or become an independent state show overwhelming support for Russia. With 75% percent of the ballots counted, close to 96% of voters want to become part of that country, according to the Crimean Electoral Commission. An official had announced earlier that more than 80% of voters had cast ballots by the time polls closed at 8 p.m. local time (2 p.m. ET) Sunday.  The pro-Russian government of Ukraine's southeastern Crimean region declared independence Tuesday ahead of a scheduled referendum on whether to join Russia, ignoring international warnings that the vote won't be recognized. In the regional capital Simferopol, pro-Russian militiamen guarded the airport and train station, some wearing armbands that proclaimed their allegiance to "the autonomous republic of Crimea." Flights into the region from Ukraine's capital, Kiev, were canceled Tuesday, while flights from Moscow appeared to be landing as scheduled. A guard at the railway station told CNN that he and his comrades were looking out for weapons being shipped in from the rest of Ukraine.  To President Barack Obama and U.S. allies in Europe, Sunday's secession referendum in Crimea is unconstitutional, illegal and a fraud because Russian troops have essentially taken over the southern Ukraine peninsula. To Russian President Vladimir Putin, it is a chance for Crimean residents to decide if they want to realign their region with Moscow after the political strife in Ukraine that ousted the pro-Russian leader last month. Whatever the outcome, the vote planned by Crimea's regional parliament and endorsed by Russia's government will further inflame the Ukrainian crisis as the United States and European Union seek a diplomatic solution while threatening diplomatic and political sanctions. Here are some of the biggest questions about the issue, with a look at how key players are weighing in: 1)	What is the Crimean referendum?