Following the real breakaway of Egypt from British colonialism in 1952 (a success for MB), the organization had to focus on a new political goal. That goal was the establishment of an Egyptian government ruled by Sharia law (Ghattas 1). In the wake of the Egyptian Revolution of 2011, the Muslim Brotherhood had been vocal about its support of the overthrow of then longtime president Hosni Mubarak, in favor of Islamist president Mohamed Morsi, which was eventually replaced by Abdel Fattah el-Sisi (Supreme Commander of the Egyptian Armed Forces). Considering the information that has been gathered about the Muslim Brotherhood’s origins and its long term goals in Egypt and in the region (Middle East and North African region), the idea that the Egyptian revolution was not a spontaneous civil demonstration but a well-planned and orchestrated move to change Egypt’s political structure, in line of course of the Muslim Brotherhood’s long term plan to install a Sunni Islamist government in Egypt. The 2013 Egyptian coup d'état took place on 3 July 2013. Egyptian army chief General Abdel Fattah el-Sisi led a coalition to remove the President of Egypt, Mohamed Morsi, from power and suspended the Egyptian constitution of 2012. The move came after the military's ultimatum for the government to "resolve its differences" with protesters during widespread national protests. The military arrested Morsi and Muslim Brotherhood leaders, and declared Chief Justice of the Supreme Constitutional Court Adly Mansour as the interim president of Egypt.  Clashes broke out in downtown Cairo on Tuesday between supporters of deposed Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy and those opposed to his rule, leaving at least one person dead, state-run media reported. The violence came more than a month after the military ousted Morsy, which sent tens of thousands of his supporters -- primarily members of the Muslim Brotherhood -- into the streets. They have been staging daily sit-ins since. Egypt explained: 6 key questions The fighting broke out in front of the Ministry of Religious Endowments in the heavily populated Giza neighborhood, leaving one dead and 11 wounded, state-run Ahram Online reported, citing unnamed security sources.