 Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders will face off in CNN's Democratic presidential debate in Brooklyn Thursday night as they spar ahead of a critical contest in New York -- a state where both candidates have deep roots. The April 19 primary here will come as Clinton -- whose campaign has been dogged by Sanders' unexpected endurance -- is on an urgent mission to widen her delegate lead and lock up her party's nomination. Next week's contest will serve as one of Sanders' last opportunities to change the dynamics of the Democratic race. And in turn, it will offer Clinton a crucial opening to once and for all shake the pervasive narrative that her rival -- even as he lags behind in the delegate count -- continues to enjoy real momentum; tens of thousands of Sanders supporters rallied in Washington Square Park in Manhattan Wednesday night.  Hillary Clinton's campaign is taking new steps to try and disqualify Bernie Sanders in the eyes of Democratic voters, hoping to extinguish the argument that he is an electable alternative for the party's presidential nomination. As Sanders took a victory lap following a 14-point triumph in Wisconsin, Clinton took fresh aim at the Vermont senator as part of a three-part strategy before the New York primary on April 19: Disqualify him, defeat him, and unify the party later. "Some of his ideas just won't work because the numbers don't add up," Clinton told a labor union audience Wednesday in Philadelphia. "In a number of important areas, he doesn't have a plan at all."  Hillary Clinton has a message for Bernie Sanders: I have a New York state of mind -- and you don't. Everything Clinton is doing ahead of the April 19 New York primary -- from television interviews to a subway ride on Thursday morning -- is designed to underscore her home court advantage over her Brooklyn-born rival. "I'm going to trust the voters of New York who know me and have voted for me three times, twice for Senate and once in the presidential primary," Clinton told the press on Thursday, driving home the point before hopping aboard the rush hour 4 train with a crowd of reporters and Secret Service agents in tow. She was even more direct in a Wednesday interview with CNN's Chris Cuomo: "I think I know the state a lot better."