Barack Obama was born on August 4, 1961, at Kapi'olani Maternity & Gynecological Hospital (now called Kapi'olani Medical Center for Women & Children) in Honolulu, Hawaii, to Ann Dunham, from Wichita, Kansas, and her husband Barack Obama Sr., a Luo from Nyang'oma Kogelo, Nyanza Province (in what was then the Colony and Protectorate of Kenya), who was attending the University of Hawaii. Birth notices for Barack Obama were published in The Honolulu Advertiser on August 13 and the Honolulu Star-Bulletin on August 14, 1961. Obama's father's immigration file also clearly states Barack Obama was born in Hawaii. One of his high school teachers, who was acquainted with his mother at the time, remembered hearing about the day of his birth.  In his first visit to Israel and the West Bank since assuming the White House, President Barack Obama ventures into a region of the world whose politics are layered and complex. As he meets with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Obama will address problems on many levels, including his chilly relationship with Netanyahu, Iran's growing nuclear threat, Syria's possible use of chemical arms and the elusive prospect of peace between Israel and the Palestinians. The to-do list is ambitious. Obama isn't expected to unveil a major peace plan, but the four-day visit will help define the two-term president's legacy in the Mideast.  Secretary of State John Kerry plans to return to Israel after President Barack Obama leaves and it is expected he will lay the groundwork to try to restart stalled Israeli-Palestinian peace talks, Israeli Justice Minister Tzipi Livni said Wednesday. READ: Weapons movement in Syria an issue as Obama visits Israel "It's the beginning," Livni told CNN during an interview at her Tel Aviv home. A senior State Department official told CNN  that Kerry would likely meet Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Saturday to review the results of Obama's trip and "discuss next steps on the key issues." The official was not more specific.