 It took five days for President Barack Obama to address the controversy he caused by saying "we don't have a strategy yet" to defeat ISIS. Wednesday, the President attempted to clarify what he meant by specifying that he was referring to ISIS inside Syria while highlighting the U.S. strategy in Iraq of airstrikes to weaken the extremist terror group that calls itself the Islamic State. "It is very important from my perspective that when we send our pilots in to do a job -- that we know that this is a mission that's going to work; that we're very clear what our objectives are, what our targets are," Obama said during a joint news conference with Estonian Prime Minister Taavi Roivas on the first day of his trip to Europe for NATO meetings. Obama went further, saying that before the U.S. acts in Syria, the administration must have "made the case to the American people and (make sure) we've got allies behind us so that it's not just a one-off, but it's something that over time is going to be effective."  The extremist group ISIS "probably" won't be defeated under the current Obama administration, Deputy National Security Adviser Tony Blinken told CNN's Wolf Blitzer on Wednesday. "This, as the President has said, is going to have to be a sustained effort," Blinken said. "It's going to take time, and it will probably go beyond even this administration to get to the point of defeat." Who is the ISIS?  President Barack Obama will address the country Wednesday to explain to the nation "what our game plan is going forward" in the fight against ISIS. In an interview that aired Sunday on NBC's "Meet the Press," Obama expressed confidence that the United States, with help from regional partners, will be able to wipe out the terror organization. "I just want the American people to understand the nature of the threat and how we're going to deal with it and to have confidence that we'll be able to deal with it," the President told interviewer Chuck Todd. He said action will include military, diplomatic and economic components.