 The top Republican in the Senate plans to urge President Donald Trump to help contain the damage in the Alabama Senate race, though administration officials cautioned that Trump remains hesitant to get involved as the scandal surrounding Roy Moore grows. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is set to deliver a memo to the White House that spells out ways the December 12 special election could be delayed, including by applying pressure to Alabama's Republican governor, the officials said. But the memo, which was still in the works Thursday and Friday, appears unlikely to convince Trump -- who has been notably mum on the topic -- to intervene in the race. The White House expects McConnell to urge the White House in the memo to pressure Alabama Gov.  President Donald Trump thinks if the allegations of sexual misconduct with teens against an Alabama Senate candidate are true, he should withdraw from his race, the White House said Friday. But Trump's statement also couched his assertion by noting the allegations against Roy Moore are decades old. In a statement released as Trump was flying from Beijing to Da Nang, Vietnam, White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said: "Like most Americans, the President believes we cannot allow a mere allegation, in this case one from many years ago, to destroy a person's life." "The President also believes that if these allegations are true, Judge Moore will do the right thing and step aside," she said.  President Donald Trump believes the allegations against Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore are "very troubling," but isn't calling for the Republican, who has been accused of pursuing sexual relationships with teenagers when he was in his 30s, to drop out, White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said Thursday. "The President believes that these allegations are very troubling and should be taken seriously, and he believes that the people of Alabama should make a decision on who their next senator should be," Sanders said. The national Republican Party and the campaign arm of Senate Republicans have severed ties with Moore's campaign, and dozens of Senate Republicans have called for Moore to drop out. The Washington Post published a report based on interviews with more than 30 people that said Moore pursued relationships with teenage women while he was in his 30s.