 Mars rover Curiosity beamed back a sweeping color panorama of the planet's surface Thursday, showing the rocky, reddish desert surrounding it and the mountain it will explore in the coming months. The 360-degree view captures the landscape of Gale Crater, where Curiosity touched down early Monday, and the foot of Mount Sharp -- the rover's primary scientific target. Mike Malin, whose company built the camera used to shoot the scene, said the shot was "probably not the best pointed," but added, "We hope we'll get many others." The brightness of the image was boosted to compensate for the dim sunlight of the martian afternoon, but the colors were untouched, NASA said.  After traveling for more than eight months and traversing 352 million miles, NASA's Curiosity rover is now on Mars. From conception to landing, the rover mission took eleven years to complete and cost an estimated $2.6 billion. NASA scientist Jim Garvin appears on Starting Point this morning to discuss the significance of the mission and to explain what scientists hope to accomplish with the rover. "We'd like to find the kind of chemical fingerprints that show that Mars may have been a habitable world  and that would maybe tell us that we're not alone" Garvin explains.  Early data shows the Mars rover Curiosity landed with amazing accuracy this week, coming down about 1.5 miles from its target after a 350-million-mile journey, NASA scientists said Friday, perhaps giving planners more confidence about landing spacecraft in tight spaces in the future. The $2.6 billion rover is on a two-year mission to determine whether Mars ever had an environment capable of supporting life. It landed Monday and will spend the next four days installing operational software that will give it full movement and analytic capabilities, scientists said at a news conference at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California. Curiosity missed its target entry point into Mars' atmosphere by about only one mile, and most everything in its complicated descent and landing operations -- a spectacle popularly known as the "seven minutes of terror" -- happened on time, including the deployment of the largest-ever supersonic parachute and the heat shield separation.