 The White House has ordered Trump administration officials to boycott the White House Correspondents' Association dinner, according to a senior administration official. The order was issued Tuesday morning by White House Cabinet Secretary Bill McGinley, who announced that all Trump administration officials are being ordered to boycott the dinner, scheduled for Saturday night. An administration official adds that the order came from Trump personally, though staffers have been trying to talk him out of it. The move marks yet another deterioration in relations between the White House press office and the press corps, though President Donald Trump had announced earlier this month that he would be skipping the annual dinner for the third year in a row.  President Donald Trump denied again Friday he had instructed his former White House counsel to fire Robert Mueller, contradicting the redacted report Mueller released last week and furthering a battle with Democrats over whether his former lawyer, Don McGahn, should testify before Congress. It comes as Trump scales up his attacks on Mueller and the report he produced -- broadsides and claims that some view as damaging to an overall legal strategy of asserting executive privilege to prevent key aides from appearing before Congress. Some West Wing officials have conceded that the President's tweets disputing McGahn's account are not helpful to their case, and fear it could make it more difficult to assert privilege over a conversation that Trump denies occurred. Mueller's report portrays the President as consumed by the Russia probe and intent on short-circuiting it.  The fate of Stephen Moore's ascent to the Federal Reserve Board of Governors appeared in serious question on Thursday as White House officials grappled with a growing opposition from Republican senators. Conversations were underway in the White House over how to proceed with the bid, according to one official, who said a decision on whether to move forward would likely have to be made by week's end. Administration officials acknowledged the raft of disparaging comments Moore has made about women, extensively reported on by CNN's KFILE, would not likely dissipate. But they said for now -- upon instructions from President Donald Trump -- they were not abandoning the troubled pick.