 Vice President Joe Biden has extended his window for deciding whether to jump into the 2016 presidential campaign, several Democrats say, allowing the contest to play out even longer before he answers one of the biggest questions hanging over the race for the White House. He is not preparing for the first Democratic debate on October 13 in Las Vegas and is not expected to participate, people close to him say, because he feels no pressure to reach a decision by then. He is likely to reveal his plans in the second half of October. For more than two months, Biden has been studying the mechanics of what it would take to launch a candidacy.  Vice President Joe Biden will not be on stage for the first Democratic debate on Tuesday, but his biography and accomplishments will be heavily featured next week in a 90-second television ad from supporters urging him to jump into the 2016 presidential race. The Draft Biden movement, which has effectively served as a shadow campaign for the vice president, is launching a campaign-style ad to promote his potential candidacy. The group announced the national cable ad on Wednesday, as Biden inches closer to revealing whether he will make a bid for the White House. Josh Alcorn, a senior adviser to the Draft Biden effort and a former adviser to Beau Biden, told CNN the ad is not intended to lure the vice president into the race, but rather share his life story to a national audience.  Joe Biden's team has taken another step as the vice president explores a possible run for president -- a meeting between his allies and the Democratic National Committee. But those close to the vice president caution that Biden still has not decided on whether he will jump in, and that the meeting was part of an effort by his team that has been ongoing for weeks to prepare in case Biden chooses to run. Members of Biden's team met this week with DNC staffers to discuss the details of what a run would entail, including the details on state filing deadlines, a Democratic official told CNN. The meeting was the latest in an effort over the past weeks by people close to the vice president to gather state-by-state details on ballot access in order to be prepared should the vice president decide he is going to enter the presidential race.