 Top White House officials met with senior Republican senators Wednesday to try to reach an agreement on government spending levels for the next two years, but the session ended without a deal. "We had serious discussions," said Sen. Richard Shelby, a Republican from Alabama who chairs the Appropriations Committee, as he left the meeting that took place in the Capitol office of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. Shelby said the Trump administration and GOP senators "are close to the same page" but not on it yet. He said the sides would meet again soon and, in the meantime, he would try to gauge whether there might be the necessary Democratic support in the House and Senate for the budget figures that were discussed "in pretty good detail."  Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said Sunday that the United States is "considering a full range of options" regarding rising tensions with Iran, including military options, but emphasized that President Donald Trump has said that he does not want to go to war. "The United States is considering a full range of options. We have briefed the President a couple of times, we'll continue to keep him updated. We are confident that we can take a set of actions that can restore deterrence which is our mission set," Pompeo said in an interview on CBS "Face the Nation."  White House officials privately acknowledge that President Donald Trump has handled the questions about foreign interference in American elections poorly in the days since his interview with ABC News aired, multiple sources told CNN on Friday. A source close to the White House said there was frustration inside the White House and among the President's political advisers with press secretary Sarah Sanders' handling of the ABC interview prior to the announcement of her departure. "The clips from the last few days have been tough," the adviser said. In an interview with ABC that aired Wednesday evening, Trump said he would accept dirt on political rivals from foreign governments.