In the 1920s, concern over the varying quality of emerging nursery school programs in the United States inspired Patty Smith Hill to gather prominent figures in the field to decide how to best ensure the existence of high-quality programs. Meeting in Washington, DC, the group negotiated the issue of a manual, called "Minimum Essentials for Nursery Education," that set out standards and methods of acceptable nursery schools. Three years later, the group cemented the existence of a professional association of nursery school experts named the National Association for Nursery Education (NANE). NANE changed its name to NAEYC in 1964. The group representing rural educators continued as a viable organization through two world wars and the devastating Depression. There was a national meeting every year and the group annually elected presidents to lead the organization. In 1946 at the annual meeting of the rural educators in Des Moines, Iowa, the first meeting of the Division of County and Intermediate Unit Superintendents (CIUS) was held and the group elected a president. The two groups continued as separate organizations; however, by 1957 the business meetings of the rural education group were held at the County and Intermediate Unit Superintendents (CUIS) annual meeting which always preceded the annual meeting of the American Association of School Administrators (AASA). In 1968 the Association became the Rural Education Association, and in the following year CUIS elected its last president. It appears that the two groups that had been meeting together apparently merged their meeting dates, their leaders, and their goals. The growth of the adversary relationship between teachers’ organizations and administrators must have resulted in an uncomfortable relationship between the Rural Education Association and its sponsoring organization, the National Rural Education Association. The rural department had expanded over the years to include county and intermediate superintendents and the leadership of the organization most often was from the ranks of administrators or representatives of higher education.