Later, Emily calls Cal under the guise of needing help with the house's pilot light. Cal sees through the ruse because he has secretly been gardening at the family house at night after having a nightmare that David was doing all the yard work himself for Emily. Realizing that she called just because she too was missing him, Cal decides to try and win her back. Jacob finally returns Cal's calls and asks for advice about being in a real relationship and meeting his girlfriend's parents, as he is very nervous and never legitimately dated anyone before. Thereafter, she welcomes him accompanying her on their way home from school. When she returns home however, she grows upset at still finding that no letter from her father has arrived in the mail and despite June's assurance, she has an emotional meltdown. The next morning, she meets Arden at his home during a confrontation with his strict, physically abusive father (Conlon) and sensitive, submissive mother (White) and pleads for him to help her travel to the psychiatric institution and rescue Robert. At first reluctant, Arden eventually agrees as they both skip school. In Dublin, Ireland, 14-year-old Emily Egan (Lynch) has been placed into foster care  after her philosophical father Robert (Smiley), a local university professor and best-selling author of Swimming and Sex is committed to a psychiatric institution in the northern part of the country following complaints from locals of disturbing behaviour (such as frequent public nudity), his papers having been signed by a distant relative who felt he was no longer competent to raising Emily. Two years later, after having been hauled from one foster home to the next, including her uncle's where an older cousin of hers attempted to sexually abuse her from reading her father's novel on sex, Emily lives with June (Chiarain) and Steve (Loui Vangelder), foster parents she feels are not the worst but too suffocating, often rebuffing their attempts at kindness, notably June's. Emily feels June pressures her to be happy when she finds herself incapable of doing so due to her clinical depression. In the present, she often reflects on her happy earlier childhood (Millie Donnelly, Hunter and Sadie Fitzmaurice, Sarah Minto) with her father, her unconventional homeschooled education with him and how he changed dramatically after the death of her mother, also named Emily (Mullins) on the night of her birthday in a car accident, an event that led to his mental breakdown; he became obsessive with writing, refusing to eat and sleep and was preoccupied with the concept that humans and the surrounding universe, such as a blade of grass, shared the same molecules.