 The music was loud, the dancing energetic, the atmosphere electric. And then the shooting started. As gunfire rang out revelers hit the floor, ran for the exits, hid in bathrooms and even sheltered beneath the bodies of their friends, desperate to escape the hail of bullets. This was the scene in Orlando's Pulse nightclub in the early hours of Sunday morning, as gunman Omar Mateen killed 49 people, and left dozens more wounded before being shot dead by police.  In unusually vivid language, the Vatican said Sunday that Pope Francis reacted in "horror" after the learning of the massacre of 49 people at a nightclub in Orlando. "The terrible massacre that has taken place in Orlando, with its dreadfully high number of innocent victims, has caused in Pope Francis, and in all of us, the deepest feelings of horror and condemnation, of pain and turmoil before this new manifestation of homicidal folly and senseless hatred," the Holy See Press Office said in a statement. The Vatican also said that Pope Francis joins the victims' families in prayer. "We all hope that ways may be found, as soon as possible, to effectively identify and contrast the causes of such terrible and absurd violence which so deeply upsets the desire for peace of the American people and of the whole of humanity."  Florida Sen. Marco Rubio said attackers like the shooter in the Orlando massacre are "the new face of the war on terror." "They have said openly that they intend to target us here, and one of the hardest parts of this war is the individual who carries out an attack by themselves in a soft target like this, basically, in Orlando, Florida," Rubio said in a phone interview with CNN's Jake Tapper on Sunday. "And it's a reminder that the war on terror has evolved into something we've never had to confront before -- individuals capable of conducting these sorts of massacres unexpectedly in places that you normally wouldn't associate with the kinds of attacks that you see," he said. READ: Obama briefed on Orlando shooting At least 50 people were killed and 53 injured in the early Sunday morning hours at a LGBT nightclub in Orlando, the worst mass shooting in U.S. history.