 President Obama and his staff will be breaking with decades of tradition by foregoing a stay at New York's Waldorf-Astoria Hotel on the president's trip to the United Nations General Assembly in September, White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said Friday. The official announcement from the White House comes after months of speculation that the President and his staff would not stay at the Waldorf-Astoria after a Chinese company purchased the hotel. A senior administration official told CNN Friday that the move was being made "due to costs and space needs of the U.S. government as well as security concerns." The move from the Waldorf-Astoria is more than just a symbolic protest of a Chinese company's purchase of the hotel chain from Hilton last year.  Thai police have said one of the suspects in custody over last month's deadly shrine bombing in Bangkok has a Chinese passport and that he's from the country's Xinjiang region. Yusufu Meerailee was arrested last week trying to flee across the Thai border into Cambodia -- he has since confessed to carrying a rucksack that contained the bomb that killed 20 people at the Erawan Shrine. He said he exchanged the rucksack with a man caught on CCTV wearing a yellow t-shirt shortly before the attack. Authorities revealed that he spoke Turkish, English and Arabic, with the interrogation conducted through a translator.  Thai authorities have surgically removed a stolen 6-carat diamond, which became lodged in a woman's intestine after she tried to smuggle the gem by swallowing it. Jiang Xulian, 39, from China, confessed to stealing the gemstone, worth 10 million baht or about $280,000 on Friday after it showed up on an X-ray scan, police said. Jiang and her companion, a Chinese man, were detained at Bangkok's Suvarnabhumi International Airport last Thursday while trying to leave the country, said Maj. Gen. Sanit Mahathavorn, the police official overseeing the investigation. An exhibitor at the 56th Bangkok Gems & Jewelry Fair had reported the diamond missing.