Trump's language on the tape has been described as vulgar, sexist, and descriptive of sexual assault. The incident's widespread media exposure led to Trump's first public apology during the campaign, and caused outrage across the political spectrum, resulting in a group of GOP senators and representatives withdrawing their support for his candidacy, some requesting that he step aside. In addition to the two women who had previously alleged sexual misconduct against Trump, fifteen more came forward in 2016, during the aftermath of the tape's release with new accusations of sexual misconduct, including unwanted kissing and groping. Trump publicly apologized for his inappropriate boasting on the tape but also defended it as "locker room talk", and instead deflected his actions by asserting allegations of inappropriate behavior by Bill and Hillary Clinton.  The man who has gained notoriety in the past 15 months as "the other Donald Trump" will be voting for Hillary Clinton, he announced in an interview with CNN's KFile on Monday. Dr. Donald L. Trump, an oncologist who runs the Inova Dwight and Martha Schar Cancer Institute in Virginia and goes by "Skip," has been the subject of numerous press profiles since Donald J. Trump announced his candidacy. In those interviews, Dr. Trump has described the difficulties of bearing the same name as the Republican nominee, telling reporters of the snarky comments and stale "You're fired" jokes he is accustomed to hearing. Yet, for much of the campaign season, Dr. Trump has been reluctant to discuss his opinion of Donald J. Trump's politics. On September 26, 2016, Trump and Clinton faced off in their first presidential debate, which was held at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. The second presidential debate was held at Washington University in Saint Louis, Missouri. The beginning of that debate was dominated by references to a recently leaked tape of Trump making sexually explicit comments, which Trump countered by referring to alleged sexual misconduct on the part of Bill Clinton. Prior to the debate, Trump had invited four women who had accused Bill Clinton of impropriety to a press conference.