 Hillary Clinton, calling into a fundraiser she was supposed to headline in person, told donors in San Francisco on Monday night that it was hard to follow her doctor's orders and stay home after being diagnosed with pneumonia. "It doesn't come easy to me to follow my doctor's orders to rest up so I can get on the campaign trail but I am going to do it because we have so much work still ahead of us," Clinton said, according to audio of Clinton's call provided to CNN by an event attendee. "I wish so much I could be there," Clinton added. Clinton's doctor diagnosed the Democratic presidential nominee with the respiratory condition on Friday, but Clinton's campaign did not disclose the ailment until Sunday, when she wobbled and then lost her balance as she was helped into her van after the 9/11 memorial ceremony. After a conversation about the arctic, Naoufel was reminded of something from their conversation over the intercom and built a wooden igloo on a nearby rooftop of a nearby building. Returning home one day, he found his cousin talking to Gabrielle, and that he has invited them both to a party. That evening, Naoufel took Gabrielle to the rooftops, where they discussed fate and Naoufel wondered if it can be changed by doing something unexpected, such as leaping from the roof onto a nearby crane. He showed her the igloo he built and revealed that they had met before when he delivered pizza.  Hillary Clinton's San Francisco fundraiser Monday will continue with Clinton teleconferencing into the event, donors were told last night, a last-minute fix after the Democratic nominee canceled her trip to California this week because of a pneumonia diagnosis. Clinton and her campaign decided to scrap the trip -- which included the large fundraiser at the Masonic in San Francisco -- after the former New York senator had to leave Sunday's 9/11 memorial ceremony early and video showed her wobbling and having to be helped into her van. Sources told CNN afterward that Clinton fainted and her doctor issued a statement on Sunday afternoon saying that the Democratic nominee was diagnosed with pneumonia during a check up on Friday. "As you may have heard today, Secretary Clinton was diagnosed with pneumonia and her doctor has advised her to rest," donors were told via email.