 Yet another official in the Trump administration is raising eyebrows over interactions with Russia during campaign season last year. Attorney General Jeff Sessions spoke twice with the Russian ambassador to the US, the Justice Department said Thursday, adding to the suspicion over Russia's ties to the current administration. During his confirmation hearings in January, Sessions, however, did not mention his conversations with Sergey Kislyak. At the time of the hearings, some Americans considered Russia an antagonist because of numerous reports of its interference in the US election.  Democratic Rep. Luis Gutierrez of Illinois slammed Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Thursday night, arguing his recusal from Trump campaign investigations is not enough, that he should "resign immediately" and suggested that Sessions should go to jail. Sessions made the recusal announcement less than 24 hours after he confirmed two meetings during the presidential campaign with Russia's ambassador to the United States, meetings Sessions did not mention after a question at his confirmation hearing about contact between the Trump campaign and Russia. Sessions said he answered the question honestly and correctly, because the meetings were part of his work on the Senate Armed Services Committee, not as a Trump campaign surrogate. Missouri Democrat Sen. Claire McCaskill, who called for Sessions to resign over the flap, tweeted on Thursday that in her role on the same committee, she never met or had a call with the Russian ambassador. Sessions was an early supporter of Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign, and was nominated by Trump for the post of U.S. Attorney General. He was confirmed on February 8, 2017, with a 52–47 vote in the Senate, and was sworn in on February 9, 2017. In his Attorney General confirmation hearings, Sessions stated, while under oath, that he did not have contact with Russian officials during the 2016 presidential campaign and that he was unaware of any contacts between Trump campaign members and Russian officials. However, in March 2017, news reports revealed that Sessions had twice met with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak in 2016.