 President Donald Trump's lawyers have waived attorney-client privilege on his behalf regarding a secretly recorded conversation he had in September 2016 with his former longtime lawyer Michael Cohen in which they discussed payments to an ex-Playboy model who says she had an affair with the President, according to sources familiar with the matter. The move comes as an attorney for Cohen openly questioned Trump lawyer Rudy Giuliani's claim that the tape showed no wrongdoing by the President, furthering the growing divide between Trump and Cohen, who had once said he'd take a bullet for the President. Trump's lawyers asking on behalf of the President to remove the privilege designation from the recording means that the government now has access to it as part of the US attorney for the Southern District of New York's probe into Cohen. It effectively gives prosecutors the ability to use the recording if they find it relevant to their criminal investigation of Cohen.  Among those caught off guard Tuesday night by the public airing of Michael Cohen's secret recording of a conversation with his then-client Donald Trump: the federal prosecutors conducting the criminal investigation of Cohen. Cohen's legal team didn't notify the US Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York that it would be taking the tape to the media, according to multiple sources familiar with the matter. On Tuesday evening, CNN's "Cuomo Prime Time" played the recording of the President and his then-personal lawyer discussing a possible payment regarding a former Playboy model who has alleged an affair with Trump. The tape disclosed Cohen telling Trump about plans to set up a shell company and finance the purchase of the rights to the former model's story from American Media Inc., publisher of the National Enquirer.  Allen Weisselberg, a top Trump Organization official and the company's longtime chief financial officer, has been subpoenaed to testify as part of the ongoing criminal investigation into President Donald Trump's former attorney Michael Cohen, The Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday, citing people familiar with the investigation. The Journal reported that it is unclear whether Weisselberg has gone before a grand jury, when the subpoena was issued and what exactly prosecutors want to ask him, but that he is considered to be a witness in the probe. Weisselberg and a representative for the Trump Organization did not respond to the Journal's requests for comment. A spokesperson for the US attorney's office in Manhattan, which is investigating Cohen, declined to comment to the newspaper.