 Presidential candidates have canceled their events in South Carolina after nine people were killed in a church Wednesday evening in what police have labeled a hate crime. President Barack Obama expressed his condolences during a press conference before leaving for California, "Any death of this sort is a tragedy, any shooting involving multiple victims is a tragedy, there is something particularly heart breaking about a death happening in a place in which we seek solace, we seek peace." "To say our thoughts and prayers are with them, and their families and their community doesn't say enough to convey the heart ache and the sadness and the anger that we feel," Obama said. Hillary Clinton, who had been campaigning in South Carolina earlier on Wednesday before the shooting, used a campaign appearance in Las Vegas on Thursday to address the massacre.  America's grief and horror over the massacre of innocents at Emanuel AME Church in Charleston reveals trouble in our land that most of us would rather not think about. In a nation that is over 70% Christian, we'd prefer not to think that a church -- a place of peaceful reflection and spiritual striving -- could become a target for violent hatred and the scene of wanton slaughter. But that is what happened, and not for the first time. In a land striving to free itself from the poison of racism and making notable forward strides -- we have twice elected a black man as President of the United States -- we must also reckon with the fact that a racially motivated massacre is the latest in what the Justice Department says are nearly 300,000 hate crimes committed each year, which is about the same number as a decade ago.  President Barack Obama on Thursday called the nine deaths in the Charleston, South Carolina, church shooting "senseless murders" and suggested more gun control is needed in the wake of the tragedy. "Any death of this sort is a tragedy. Any shooting involving multiple victims is a tragedy," said Obama, as Vice President Joe Biden stood alongside him. "There is something particularly heartbreaking about death happening in a place in which we seek solace and we seek peace."