The Democratic National Committee (DNC) is the governing body for the United States Democratic Party. The committee coordinates strategy to support Democratic Party candidates throughout the country for local, state, and national office. It organizes the Democratic National Convention held every four years to nominate and confirm a candidate for president, and to formulate the party platform. While it provides support for party candidates, it does not have direct authority over elected officials.Its chair is elected by the committee.  Hillary Clinton's campaign and the Democratic National Committee signed a memorandum of understanding in August 2015 that stated in return for their financial support, the campaign would require "appropriate influence over the financial, strategic and operational use of these (Joint Fundraising Agreement) raised funds" for general election expenditures, according to a copy of the agreement obtained by CNN. The agreement established rules and guidance around the separate joint fundraising agreement Clinton's campaign signed with the DNC. It was sent to Amy Dacey, the then-CEO of the DNC, from Robby Mook, Clinton's campaign manager, on August 26, 2015. The document provides context to a bombshell book excerpt published earlier this week by interim DNC chair Donna Brazile, which alleges that an unethical agreement was signed between Clinton's 2016 presidential campaign and the DNC to keep the party financially afloat.  Former Democratic National Committee interim chair Donna Brazile, in newly released excerpts of her forthcoming book, alleges that an unethical agreement was signed between Hillary Clinton's 2016 presidential campaign and the DNC to keep the party financially afloat. Bernie Sanders' 2016 campaign also signed its own joint fundraising agreement with the DNC. In excerpts from "Hacks: The Inside Story of the Break-ins and Breakdowns that Put Donald Trump in the White House," published in Politico, Brazile writes the DNC was rigged in Clinton's favor because her campaign was largely financing the party early on in the presidential election. Brazile's comments rip a scab off a wound that plagued the Democratic Party during last year's primary and charge the Clinton campaign with impropriety.