 Secretary of State Mike Pompeo seemed to voice subdued approval of the work of the top US diplomat in Ukraine whose testimony undermined the administration claims that President Donald Trump had not pushed for investigations into his political rivals in exchange for US aid. Pompeo said he and Bill Taylor, the charge d'affaires in Kiev, are "in full accord" on US policy there, but did not specifically address a question about his confidence in the diplomat himself. Pompeo, conducting interviews over a two-day visit in Kansas, has been dismissive and evasive of questions surrounding the House Democratic impeachment probe, despite his department's increasing entrenchment in that inquiry. Pompeo sought to downplay the impeachment inquiry as Beltway "noise" in a series of interviews in Wichita, Kansas, on Thursday and Friday -- just days after Taylor presented damning testimony related to a quid pro quo underlying presidential lawyer Rudy Giuliani's efforts in Ukraine.  Acting White House chief of staff Mick Mulvaney on Sunday aggressively denied that he admitted last week a quid pro quo between President Donald Trump and Ukraine, saying again that he was misunderstood and that no such agreement occurred. During a White House press conference on Thursday afternoon, Mulvaney said Trump held up an aid package to Ukraine in exchange for an investigation into an unsubstantiated theory that Ukraine, not Russia, was responsible for hacking Democratic Party emails in 2016. On Thursday evening, Mulvaney attempted to claim that he did not admit to the quid pro quo despite clearly being asked if the Trump administration withheld funding for Ukraine for an investigation into the DNC server and answering affirmatively. On "Fox News Sunday," Chris Wallace pressed the aide on the remarks, asking why he initially said that "aid to Ukraine depended upon investigating the Democrats."  A top White House official said on Thursday that President Donald Trump had withheld nearly $400 million in military aid to Ukraine in order to pressure the country to open an investigation that he thought would politically benefit himself, worrying some Republicans in Congress in the middle of an impeachment inquiry. Mick Mulvaney, the acting White House chief of staff, told reporters that the Trump administration "held up the money" for Ukraine because the President wanted to investigate "corruption" in Ukraine related to a conspiracy theory involving the whereabouts of the Democratic National Committee's computer server hacked by Russians during the last presidential campaign. When pressed on whether the President sought an exchange of favors, Mulvaney said, "We do that all the time with foreign policy." It was the first time the White House acknowledged a link between the withheld aid and probes that Trump sought.