 The US Air Force has pulled 26 Turkish military personnel from its F-35 fighter jet training program due to "safety" concerns stemming from the ongoing dispute over Turkey's push to buy both American stealth aircraft and a Russian missile defense system, according to a defense official directly familiar with the matter. Specifically, Air Force officials were concerned the pending decision to end Turkey's involvement in the F-35 program this summer if it moves forward with a plan to purchase the Russian S-400 air defense system could impact the Turkish pilots' focus, the official said. Brigadier Gen. Todd Canterbury, the wing commander at Luke Air Force Base, made the decision on his own Friday despite there being no evidence the Turks pose a threat to the aircraft or US personnel or would be unable to concentrate on flying. The safety concern is being explained as the same procedure used to temporarily ground US military pilots if they are facing a "significant life event," such as a divorce or death in the family, that would be a distraction during flight operations, the official told CNN. Old Anatolian Turkish (Turkish: Eski Anadolu Türkçesi) is the stage in the history of the Turkish language spoken in Anatolia from the 11th to 15th centuries. It developed into Early Ottoman Turkish. It was written in the Arabic script. Unlike in later Ottoman Turkish, short-vowel diacritics were used.It had no official status until 1277, when Mehmet I of Karaman declared a firman in order to break the supremacy, dominance and popularity of Persian: Turkish (Türkçe ), also referred to as Istanbul Turkish (İstanbul Türkçesi), and sometimes known as Turkey Turkish (Türkiye Türkçesi), is the most widely spoken of the Turkic languages, with around ten to fifteen million native speakers in Southeast Europe (mostly in East and Western Thrace) and sixty to sixty-five million native speakers in Western Asia (mostly in Anatolia). Outside Turkey, significant smaller groups of speakers exist in Germany, Austria, Bulgaria, North Macedonia, Northern Cyprus, Greece, the Caucasus, and other parts of Europe and Central Asia. Cyprus has requested that the European Union add Turkish as an official language, even though Turkey is not a member state.To the west, the influence of Ottoman Turkish—the variety of the Turkish language that was used as the administrative and literary language of the Ottoman Empire—spread as the Ottoman Empire expanded. In 1928, as one of Atatürk's Reforms in the early years of the Republic of Turkey, the Ottoman Turkish alphabet was replaced with a Latin alphabet.