 As Sen. Cory Booker prepares to take the stage this week for the CNN Democratic debate in Detroit, his campaign tells CNN that he has qualified to participate in the third debate coming up this fall. Booker surpassed the higher threshold of 130,000 unique donors, his campaign said Monday, after having previously met the polling requirements for the debate, slated for September. Booker's campaign said more than a quarter of those donors contributed since the first June debate, when he dominated in speaking time among the candidates. "We're building this campaign the right way, brick by brick from the grassroots up, and we're seeing the results of that strategy as we continue to build momentum," said Booker's campaign manager Addisu Demissie.  Joe Biden is preparing for a confrontation with New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker and California Sen. Kamala Harris. Days from the second Democratic presidential debate in Detroit, Biden has become more aggressive against his rivals on the campaign trail -- and a senior campaign official says Biden himself is the driver of his new approach. Several advisers had encouraged Biden to be "more aggressive" earlier in the campaign, one adviser said. But after the debate -- which Biden rewatched afterward -- the former vice president told aides he felt he needed to fight back more.  CNN's first Democratic debate on Tuesday night will showcase a match-up between Sens. Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren, two icons of the progressive movement who are ultimately on a collision course for the party's presidential nomination. Their encounter will kick off two televised clashes between Democratic White House hopefuls on successive nights that could significantly reshape the primary campaign and will, for the first time, test how party hopefuls handle Donald Trump's ugly campaign strategy rooted in direct racism. The debates, each featuring 10 candidates, mark the biggest moment of the campaign yet and will further inflame plot lines stoked in June's frenetic first candidate free-for-alls.