 Harry and Meghan's royal tour of Australia took in a visit to a struggling, drought-stricken farming area of New South Wales Wednesday, after stopping by the Royal Flying Doctor Service (RFDS) -- a lifeline for many in the vast, rural areas the state -- to unveil a new aircraft. The UK's Prince Harry and wife Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, landed in the town of Dubbo, an hour's flight northwest of Sydney, to a warm welcome, chatting with local schoolchildren as they arrived. The welcome included one young fan, Luke Vincent, who broke the ropeline to embrace the prince, playfully playing with his beard. He then handed a bouquet of flowers to the Duchess before hugging her as well. Thomas Markle Jr. was not invited to the wedding of Prince Harry and his half-sister, and at the time of the wedding, he had not seen her for about seven years. In an interview with the Daily Mirror in April 2018, Markle called his half-sister a "phony" who had "turned into a different person" and "forgotten her roots and her family" since becoming famous. He then sent Prince Harry a letter, asking him to call off the wedding – saying the upcoming wedding would be "the biggest mistake in Royal Wedding History", criticizing his half-sister's treatment of Thomas Markle Sr. by saying she had been "using her own father until he's bankrupt", and calling her "a jaded, shallow, conceited woman". However, he later wrote another letter in which Markle told his half-sister he was "sorry for venting my frustrations" after not being invited to the wedding and that he was "very proud" of her and wanted her "to have a great wedding and a long future with Prince Harry".  It's been less than 24-hours since Meghan Markle and Prince Harry announced that they were expecting their first child, but the royal couple are already being showered in baby gifts. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex began the first day of their first Australian tour with an official welcome ceremony at Admiralty House in Sydney, where they were presented with some quintessentially Aussie gifts -- a pair of baby Ugg boots and a kangaroo doll. The gifts were given to Meghan and Harry by Governor-General Sir Peter Cosgrove, Queen Elizabeth II's official representative in Australia, and his wife, Lynne Cosgrove. Parents-to-be Megan, 37, and Harry, 34, announced their pregnancy Monday, just hours after they landed in Sydney.