 Sikhs and their supporters in the United States and India reacted with sorrow, disbelief and anger Sunday to news of a shooting at a temple in Wisconsin that left at least seven people, including the suspected gunman, dead. Here's some what they said: -- The Sikh Coalition The Sikh Coalition, which describes itself as the largest Sikh American civil rights organization in the United States, has started an emergency response. "The Sikh Coalition's thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the shooting, the Sikh community of Milwaukee, and the larger community of Wisconsin, which we know will stand with their Sikh neighbors with their support and prayers during this very trying time," said Sapreet Kaur, the group's executive director. "There have been multiple hate crime shootings within the Sikh community in recent years and the natural impulse of our community is to unfortunately assume the same in this case.  (CNN) -- An Army veteran who neighbors say played in a far right punk band was the lone shooter in the rampage at a Sikh temple in Wisconsin that killed six people and wounded four, according to information from law enforcement authorities. Wade Michael Page, 40, was shot to death by police responding to the Sunday morning attack in the Milwaukee suburb of Oak Creek, the community's chief of police told reporters Monday. It was the latest violence against the Sikh community in the United States in apparent misdirected revenge for the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks. One of the heroes on Sunday was the president of the temple Satwant Kaleka, who passed away after trying to tackle the gunman and getting shot.  The FBI will investigate Sunday's rampage at a Sikh temple in a Milwaukee suburb as a "domestic terrorist-type incident" that left at least six people and the gunman dead, the town's police chief said. Another three people were wounded, including the first officer to respond to the scene, Oak Creek Police Chief John Edwards said. A second officer returned fire, killing the suspect, according to the chief. All three wounded -- one of whom was shot in the abdomen and chest, another in the extremities and face and the third in the neck -- were in critical condition Sunday night at Milwaukee's Froedtert Hospital, the hospital said in a statement.