 An electronic tobacco device may now hit the US market after getting a green light from the US Food and Drug Administration, the agency announced Tuesday. The agency made clear that it has not deemed the device -- Philip Morris International's IQOS  "tobacco heating system" -- to be safe. And its decision to permit sales is not tantamount to FDA approval. The device is not an e-cigarette or vape like the ones that have surged in popularity among middle and high school students. National Fruits & Veggies Month is a national observance and awareness campaign held in the United States during the month of September to educate about the health benefits of eating fruits and vegetables and to celebrate in song and culture how they are grown, distributed, and consumed. The awareness campaign consists of outreach to grocery stores and retailers and to schools and public organizations, outreach to nutritionists and other health professionals, weekly online contests with prizes, social media campaigns and logowear, and other special events during September to celebrate National Fruits & Veggies Month and inspire people to regularly consume fruits and vegetables and to create a more balanced lifestyle. The Take the Have A Plant pledge is to "add one more fruit or vegetable to your routine, everyday this month." The year-long campaign surrounding 'Have a Plant' has monthly educational themes to be implemented by their Fruit and Vegetable Ambassadors in Action (FVAA) network. The Pure Food and Drug Act of 1906 was a key piece of Progressive Era legislation, signed by President Theodore Roosevelt on the same day as the Federal Meat Inspection Act. Enforcement of the Pure Food and Drug Act was assigned to the Bureau of Chemistry in the U.S. Department of Agriculture which was renamed the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1930. The Meat Inspection Act was assigned to what is now known as the Food Safety and Inspection Service, which remains in the U.S. Department of Agriculture. The first federal law regulating foods and drugs, the 1906 Act's reach was limited to foods and drugs moving in interstate commerce.