 The Department of Justice on Thursday defended Attorney General William Barr's summary of special counsel Robert Mueller's confidential report after two newspapers said Mueller's investigators felt Barr didn't properly convey how damaging their findings were for President Donald Trump. A Justice Department spokeswoman said "every page" of Mueller's nearly 400-page report provided to Barr on March 22 was flagged as potentially containing material covered under a law that protects confidential grand jury information and "therefore could not be publicly released." "Given the extraordinary public interest in the matter, the Attorney General decided to release the report's bottom-line findings and his conclusions immediately — without attempting to summarize the report — with the understanding that the report itself would be released after the redaction process," Justice Department spokeswoman Kerri Kupec said in a statement. Kupec said the department is continuing to work with the special counsel on "appropriate redactions to the report so that it can be released to Congress and the public."  President Donald Trump will not invoke executive privilege to withhold information from special counsel Robert Mueller's confidential report and supports the public release of the investigation's findings, the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee said Wednesday. Multiple sources told CNN earlier this month that White House lawyers expected to have an opportunity to review whatever version of Mueller's report Attorney General William Barr submits to Congress before it reaches lawmakers and the public. The attorneys wanted the White House to have an opportunity to claim executive privilege over information drawn from documents and interviews with White House officials, the sources said. But Sen. Lindsey Graham told CNN's Kate Bolduan Wednesday he doubts the White House will see the Mueller report before it's made public.  President Donald Trump is blasting Democrats for trying to obtain special counsel Robert Mueller's report, despite previously endorsing their goal of releasing it to the public. He is attacking Democrats for trying to do something he ostensibly supports: Letting the American people see Mueller's findings on Russian meddling in the 2016 election, allegations of collusion between his campaign and the Russians, and potential obstruction of justice. "I'll rely on the attorney general to make decisions," Trump said Tuesday at the White House. "But I will tell you, anything that is given to (Democrats) will never be good enough.