 U.S. President Barack Obama has pushed the pause button on the path toward U.S. military action in Syria by asking Congress to support his call to strike targets in the Middle Eastern country. But as the U.N. investigates alleged chemical weapons use in Syria and U.S. officials make their case for action, it's still a fast-moving story. Here are the latest developments: -- At a meeting in Cairo Sunday, Arab League foreign ministers condemned the chemical weapons attack, urged the international community to take action and called for the prosecution of those responsible. "The Syrian regime bears full responsibility for the use of chemical weapons (in) this heinous crime," foreign ministers from the regional organization said in a statement, according to the state-run Saudi Press Agency.  Secretary of State John Kerry, Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey answered questions for 3 ½ hours on Tuesday at the first congressional hearing on President Barack Obama's request for authorization to launch a military strike against Syria over chemical weapons. The hearing by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, which Kerry used to chair, covered a range of issues about the proposed U.S. military response raised by legislators and people across the country. Here are five things we learned from it: Live blog of the hearing 1) Proposed Senate resolution The top Democrat and Republican on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee worked out a joint proposal for authorizing military action in Syria. Democrat Robert Menendez, chairman of the panel, said he and Bob Corker, its ranking member, believe the plan "reflects the will and concerns of Democrats and Republicans alike."  Syria's neighbors are preparing for the worst as the specter of potential Western airstrikes hang heavily over a nervous Middle East. As U.S. President Barack Obama makes his case to Congress and the international community for a military response to an alleged chemical attack by Syrian regime forces in a Damascus suburb, CNN explores how the countries bordering war-torn Syria feel about Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and the possibility of foreign intervention in the bloody conflict there. Lebanon Security is tightening and there is a mood of growing worry and angst in the streets of Beirut, where many are convinced that strikes on Damascus, less than 70 miles from the Lebanese capital, will further destabilize the country that, aside from Syria, has suffered the most as a result of the war. READ: Get up to speed on Syria in 5 minutes Tiny Lebanon is inextricably linked to its larger neighbor, and sectarian divisions there mirror those in Syria.