 The body of an American scientist who went missing on the Greek island of Crete a week ago has been found, according to her employer. Suzanne Eaton, 59, had been attending a conference at the Orthodox Academy in northwest Crete, when she is believed to have disappeared during a run on July 2. Greek police found her body on Monday evening, according to the Max Planck Institute at Dresden University in Germany, where she worked as a biologist. Local authorities "have not yet completed their investigation regarding the events that may have transpired" on the afternoon Eaton went missing, the institute said in a statement.  Cutting just 300 calories from your daily diet could significantly benefit your cardiovascular health, even if you're already at a healthy weight, according to a new study. Such caloric restriction can be achieved through techniques such as intermittent fasting, or by skipping that slice of cheesecake for dessert. During the course of two years, participants in the study who were on a calorie restriction diet lowered their blood pressure and levels of bad (LDL) cholesterol, and saw a 24% drop in concentrations of triglycerides, a type of fat in the blood. The study was published in the journal The Lancet Diabetes & Endocrinology on Thursday.  Harvard University has suspended a high-profile economics professor after several women made sexual harassment claims and internal investigations were launched, according to an internal memo obtained by CNN on Wednesday. Roland G. Fryer, who was also the faculty director of the Education Innovation Laboratory, was suspended for two years without pay after the university found that he "engaged in unwanted sexual conduct toward several individuals," wrote Claudine Gay, a Harvard dean, to the economics department. Fryer's Education Innovation Laboratory, which focused on collecting data and research to help form government policy, will also be closed. "I am deeply disappointed, particularly because the important and outstanding work of my colleagues in our economics research Lab has been forced to stop," Fryer said in a statement.