 The House voted on Tuesday night to condemn racist language from President Donald Trump, capping off a tumultuous couple of hours on Capitol Hill including a brief time in which House Speaker Nancy Pelosi was barred from speaking in the chamber. The vote was 240-187. Four Republicans and one independent -- Rep. Justin Amash of Michigan -- supported it as well as all Democrats who voted. Democratic Rep. Ilhan Omar of Minnesota, one of the congresswomen Trump attacked, said Tuesday's vote sent a message to young kids who "are wrestling with the weight of those words now coming from the President, that we hear them, we see them and we never will allow anybody to tell them that this isn't their country."  Democratic Rep. Al Green of Texas on Tuesday introduced his articles of impeachment against President Donald Trump, which will force the House to take up the measure later this week. Green's resolution is unlikely to lead to an actual vote on impeachment in the House, but he can force the chamber to act on it under House rules within two legislative days, creating a dilemma for House Democratic leaders and the moderate Democrats who have largely tried to avoid the issue of impeachment. While Green said Tuesday that he wants an up-or-down vote on articles of impeachment, the House has several options to dispose of his effort, though they each have drawbacks. The House could vote to table, or kill, the resolution, but that would in effect put lawmakers on the record about impeachment.  Rep. Emanuel Cleaver said Wednesday that his embarrassment over what had transpired during Tuesday night's House debate over a resolution to condemn President Donald Trump's recent tweets as racist caused him to drop the gavel and leave the House floor where he had been presiding. "Frankly, I was embarrassed to remain as the chair presiding over what should have been a very shameful moment for all of us," Cleaver, a Democrat from Missouri, told CNN's Alisyn Camerota on "New Day." "And that is, here we were in the House of Representatives, and every person who spoke violated the House rules." His remarks come after the House voted on Tuesday night to condemn racist language from Trump, capping off a tumultuous couple of hours on Capitol Hill including a brief time in which House Speaker Nancy Pelosi was barred from speaking in the chamber.