 Nepal has banned women under the age of 30 from working in Persian Gulf nations amid increasing concerns over abuse and exploitation. Nepalese women are among thousands of Asians who travel to the Middle East in search of employment. They often arrive willingly, but subsequently face conditions that the U.S. State Department says is indicative of forced labor --  the withholding of passports, restrictions on movement, nonpayment of wages for work up to 20 hours a day, threats, deprivation of food and sleep, and physical or sexual abuse. The age bar is aimed at preventing some of the abuse, Raj Kishore Yadav, Nepal's minister of information and communication, said Thursday.  Sikhs and their supporters in the United States and India reacted with sorrow, disbelief and anger Sunday to news of a shooting at a temple in Wisconsin that left at least seven people, including the suspected gunman, dead. Here's some what they said: -- The Sikh Coalition The Sikh Coalition, which describes itself as the largest Sikh American civil rights organization in the United States, has started an emergency response. "The Sikh Coalition's thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the shooting, the Sikh community of Milwaukee, and the larger community of Wisconsin, which we know will stand with their Sikh neighbors with their support and prayers during this very trying time," said Sapreet Kaur, the group's executive director. "There have been multiple hate crime shootings within the Sikh community in recent years and the natural impulse of our community is to unfortunately assume the same in this case.  Defense Secretary Leon Panetta arrived in Tunisia late Sunday for the first leg of a five-day, four-nation trip to North Africa and the Middle East. Besides Tunisia, he is expected to visit Egypt, Israel and Jordan, and to meet with officials at each stop. High on the agenda is Syria. Speaking aboard a military aircraft before touching down in Tunis, Panetta addressed the crisis in Syria, saying it's no longer a question of whether the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad will fall, but when.