 The State Department said Saturday that the US government has not drawn a final conclusion about who is responsible for Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi's brutal assassination. The department's statement came amid reports that the CIA has assessed that Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman personally ordered the killing of Khashoggi. "There remain numerous unanswered questions with respect to the murder of Mr. Khashoggi," State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in the statement Saturday afternoon. "The State Department will continue to seek all relevant facts."  The CIA has concluded that Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman personally ordered the killing of journalist Jamal Khashoggi, despite the Saudi government's denials that the de facto ruler was involved, according to a senior US official and a source familiar with the matter. The senior US official told CNN on Friday the conclusion is based on a recording provided by the Turkish government and other evidence, including American intelligence. The sources told CNN that the CIA based its assessment on available intelligence, as opposed to any specific smoking gun-type of evidence. Investigators also believe an operation such as the one that ended in Khashoggi's death would not have happened without bin Salman's knowledge given his control of the government, the senior US official said. The assassination of Jamal Khashoggi—a Saudi dissident, journalist for The Washington Post, and former general manager and editor-in-chief of the Al-Arab News Channel—occurred on 2 October 2018 at the Saudi consulate in Istanbul, Turkey, and was perpetrated by agents of the Saudi government. Lured to the consulate building on the pretext of providing him papers for his upcoming wedding, Khashoggi was ambushed, suffocated, and dismembered by a 15-member squad of Saudi assassins. Khashoggi's final moments are captured in audio recordings, transcripts of which were subsequently made public. The Turkish investigation concluded that Khashoggi had been strangled as soon as he entered the consulate building, and that his body was dismembered and disposed of.