 A 104-year-old Australian scientist has started his journey to Switzerland where he plans to end his life, saying he "greatly regrets" living to his advanced age. Botanist and ecologist David Goodall is traveling to the Life Circle clinic in Basel, accompanied by a nurse from pro-euthanasia organization Exit International, the group's founder said. Speaking on his 104th birthday, Goodall said if he had one birthday wish it would be to die. "No I'm not happy.  A 104-year-old Australian scientist who is set to end his life at a clinic in Switzerland later this week told CNN that his life was no longer worth living and said he hoped his story would lead to the legalization of assisted dying in other countries. David Goodall, a respected botanist and ecologist, is due to die at the Life Circle clinic in Basel on Thursday, after traveling to Europe from his home town of Perth, Australia earlier this month. The grandfather-of-12 and longtime member of pro-euthanasia group Exit International said his life stopped being enjoyable "five or 10 years ago," in part because of his failing mobility and eyesight. "My life has been out in the field (working), but I can't go out in the field now," said Goodall, who must be pushed everywhere in a wheelchair, during an exclusive interview with CNN in his hotel in Basel on Tuesday.  A 104-year-old Australian scientist who had campaigned for the legalization of assisted dying in his home country has ended his life at a Swiss clinic, a representative from the pro-euthanasia group Exit International said. David Goodall, a respected botanist and ecologist, died Thursday at the Life Circle clinic in Basel, Switzerland, after administering a lethal drug under the guidance of doctors. Exit International, which represented the scientist, said Goodall passed away while listening to Beethoven's "Ode to Joy." The grandfather of 12 had attracted over $20,000 in donations from the public to help fund his journey to Europe from Perth, Australia, earlier this month.