 The United States and its allies are gearing up for a new push to unify the Syrian opposition and topple President Bashar al-Assad. They are looking to exploit battlefield gains by the rebels and change the trajectory of the conflict before Syria collapses into a patchwork of local fiefdoms -- and the violence explodes rather than seeps beyond Syria's borders. With the U.S. election out of the way and growing concerns about the rise of jihadist groups within Syria, Western powers are now engaging groups fighting inside Syria, rather than the exiled and ineffectual Syrian National Council. The ultimate goal may be to create a safe zone -- a slice of liberated Syria -- where the opposition can form an interim government.  France and the United States put their support behind a new coalition of Syrian dissidents Tuesday, but Damascus slammed the group, saying any effort to topple President Bashar al-Assad will be futile. French President Francois Hollande said his nation "recognizes the Syrian national coalition as the sole representative of the Syrian people and therefore as the provisional government of the future democratic Syria, making it possible to bring Bashar al-Assad's regime to an end." In Washington, a deputy spokesman for the State Department said the U.S. believes the decision to unite opposition groups marks the start of a democratic future for the Syrian people. The U.S. has yet to formally recognize the group, though, as a representative government.  For months, rebels fighting the Syrian regime haven't been able come up with a cogent, comprehensive plan to oust President Bashar al-Assad, nor have they decided how Syria would be ruled if and when he goes. Now there are signs that might be changing. Some of those rebels and representatives of their factions and brigades say they are making a concerted effort to unify, according to insiders who have spoken with CNN. Five groups of rebels who make up more than half of the opposition movement have made videos pledging that they will work together to forge a future for Syria.