 Despite a night of disappointing losses, Bernie Sanders vowed Tuesday night to continue his campaign and to take his fight all the way to the convention in Philadelphia. While Hillary Clinton secured the delegates she needed Monday to become the presumptive presidential nominee, Sanders channeled the defiance of his supporters as he took the stage shortly before 11 p.m. PT. The crowd was on edge -- angry with the press and worried that he would give in to the growing pressure from Democratic leaders to bow out of the race. But it wasn't long before it became clear from his remarks that his "movement" -- a campaign that has given Clinton more of a fight than anyone predicted and forced the Democratic Party to the left -- would carry on, at least through the final primary next Tuesday in Washington, D.C. "All of you know that when we began this campaign over a year ago we were considered to be a fringe campaign.  Three words are hanging over the final days of the Democratic presidential race: Bernie or bust. "When you say Bernie or bust, that means if we don't get Bernie, we're just not going to automatically vote for the demon because you're saying the devil may be there," said Billy Taylor, who is organizing a coalition of Bernie Sanders supporters to protest at the Democratic convention here in July. Sanders has inspired a movement, but it's unclear whether he can control it. Or if he wants to.  Despite the sharp tone of his rhetoric against Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders will find an accommodation with her after Tuesday's primaries and speak on her behalf at the Democratic National Convention next month, an old Senate ally predicts. Former Sen. Tom Harkin, the Iowa Democrat and frequent populist partner of Sanders during his years in the Senate, says Sanders ultimately will back Clinton despite their pitched primary battle. "I have every reason to believe that when Hillary finally gets the delegates -- and she is going to get them, there's no way that Bernie can get them now -- and he knows that it's over with in terms of his being the candidate, that he will then to begin to negotiate for the platform and the policies and they'll begin to work that out," Harkin told David Axelrod on "The Axe Files," a podcast produced by CNN and the University of Chicago Institute of Politics. "I'm predicting, and I'm hoping anyway, that at the convention he'll give a good stemwinder speech like he always does."