 Sen. Mazie Hirono said Wednesday that she does not owe President Donald Trump the "courtesy" of meeting with his Supreme Court pick, on the heels of the news that the President's former lawyer Michael Cohen pleaded guilty to eight criminal counts. The Hawaii Democrat announced on Wednesday she would cancel her planned meeting with Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh. Hirono sits on the Senate Judiciary Committee. "I do not owe this President the courtesy to meet with his nominee, Brett Kavanaugh, who, by the way, is being nominated because the President expects Justice Kavanaugh, should he make it to the Supreme Court, to basically protect the President's 'okole,' as we say in Hawaii," Hirono said to CNN's Wolf Blitzer on Wednesday. Michael Dean Cohen (born August 25, 1966) is a former American attorney best known as a lawyer for Donald Trump from 2006 until May 2018.Cohen was a vice-president of The Trump Organization, and the personal counsel to Trump, and was often described by media as Trump's "fixer". He previously served as co-president of Trump Entertainment and was a board member of the Eric Trump Foundation, a children's health charity. From 2017 to 2018, Cohen was deputy finance chairman of the Republican National Committee.Trump employed Cohen until May 2018, a year after the Special Counsel investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections began. The investigation led him to plead guilty on August 21, 2018, to eight counts including campaign finance violations, tax fraud, and bank fraud.  Key Senate Democrats called on Republicans Wednesday to suspend the confirmation hearing for Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh after Michael Cohen -- the president's personal lawyer for decades-- pleaded guilty to eight criminal counts in a New York court. In court on Tuesday, Cohen said that "in coordination and at the direction of a candidate for federal office," he kept information that would have harmed Trump from becoming public during the 2016 election cycle. Almost simultaneously, Trump's former campaign chairman Paul Manafort was found guilty on eight counts of financial crimes in a Virginia courtroom. On the Senate floor, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said, "In my view, the Senate Judiciary Committee should immediately pause the consideration of the Kavanaugh nomination."