In October 2018, Jamal Khashoggi, a Saudi journalist and a critic of the crown prince, went missing after entering the Saudi consulate in Istanbul. Turkish officials reportedly believe that Khashoggi was murdered at the consulate, claiming to have specific video and audio recordings proving that Khashoggi was first tortured and then murdered, and that a medical forensics expert was part of the 15-man Saudi team seen entering and leaving the consulate at the time of the journalist's disappearance. Saudi Arabia denied the accusations and Salman invited Turkish authorities to search the building as they "have nothing to hide". Saudi officials said they are "working to search for him".  Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan says he is personally "chasing" the investigation into prominent Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi who went missing after entering the Saudi Arabian Consulate in Istanbul last week. The President's comments came after unnamed Turkish officials told the The Washington Post and Reuters on Saturday that Khashoggi was killed inside the consulate. The officials have so far provided no evidence or details on how they arrived at this conclusion. "I am following it up as the President of the Turkish Republic," Erdogan told reporters in Ankara on Sunday, while also confirming that he had known Khashoggi for some time and considered him a friend.  Saudi Arabia's ambassador to Turkey has been summoned to the Turkish foreign ministry over the reported disappearance of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi, a ministry official told CNN. Khashoggi, a well-known reporter and critic of the current Saudi leadership, has been missing since he entered the Saudi consulate in Istanbul on Tuesday afternoon, according to his fiancée -- who asked not to be named -- and two other sources familiar with the event. Turkey's presidential office spokesman Ibrahim Kalin said Wednesday that Khashoggi remained inside the building, contradicting a Saudi consulate statement that said that the journalist had left the premises on Tuesday. He went to the consulate with his fiancée to conduct paperwork that would allow him to be married, according to his fiancée and two other sources familiar with the event.