After Beach House completed touring for their previous record Bloom (2012), the group took a six-month break. Uncertain about their future, singer/keyboardist Victoria Legrand said, "I didn't feel creative at all... I just thought well, maybe I'll never have another musical idea." She added, "I just personally felt I needed a couple of months of just not doing anything, I didn't have thoughts." Bloom appeared on many year-end lists of critics ranking the year's top albums, several of them with the album being included in the top 10: Urban outfitters ranked the album at number two on their list, Magnet and Under the Radar at number three, PopMatters and Obscure Sound at number four and Idolator, Consequence of Sound, Gorilla vs. Bear and Pitchfork at number seven, with Pitchfork adding: "since 2006's self-titled debut, Beach House have been patiently refining and expanding a singular, easily recognizable sound." Stereogum and Rolling Stone listed the album at #27 and #28 respectively, with the latter saying "Languid lead singer Victoria Legrand has some dark stuff on her mind – mortality and ruin keep bubbling to the surface of the Baltimore act's fourth LP...But you'd hardly know it from the blissful way she lets her voice blend with the softly bobbing organ chords and arpeggiated guitars." Rolling Stone also named the song "Other People" the 19th best song of 2012. Writing for Rolling Stone, Meagan Fredette gave praise to Victoria Legrand's vocals stating that "her singing on Thank Your Lucky Stars feels more playful than usual, a welcome lightness that comes across from the first moments of "Majorette," the album's opener." "Elegy to the Void" was also singled out as a highlight of the record with Fredette describing the track as "the album’s crown jewel" and "as good a summation as any of what Beach House does best." Emphasising the maturity of the record in comparison to the band's debut, she suggests that "Like all their albums, this one is full of songs made for dreaming of a bygone love, or humming quietly to a new one."