In February 2018, The Jewish Chronicle published an internal audit report into the conduct of Jeremy Newmark, while he was CEO of the council between 2006 and 2013, that alleged that he deceived the council out of "tens of thousands of pounds". The Jewish Chronicle claimed the council had covered up the former CEO's alleged behaviour, and accepted a resignation on the grounds of ill health. Newmark denied any wrongdoing, though he resigned as Chair of the Jewish Labour Movement two days later. The Charity Commission stated it had not been informed of these allegations of financial impropriety in 2013 which raised serious potential regulatory concerns which they were assessing.  The GOP is so committed to thwarting President Barack Obama's deal-making with Iran that it resorted to a tactic it has long condemned him for using -- writing a letter to Tehran. In an unusual and controversial challenge to presidential authority that ignited a fierce new row with the White House, 47 Republican senators warned the Iranian government Monday that any deal it reaches with Obama might not be worth the paper it's written on once he leaves office in less than two years. The move represents a serious escalation of the Republican campaign to disrupt Obama's bid to freeze Iran's nuclear program, one of the most significant national security challenges facing the United States and a key presidential legacy item. It also underlines the fierce skepticism in Congress -- not confined to Republicans -- that Obama's diplomacy will substantially roll back Iran's nuclear weapons program, as well as the uncertainty that any deal would last.  Student leaders at the University of California-Irvine vetoed a resolution on Saturday that would have banned hanging flags of any nation, including America's Stars and Stripes, in the lobby of student government offices, amid widespread criticism from students and alumni. The Legislative Council of the Associated Students of the University of California, Irvine's passed the resolution, "Flags and decoration adjustment for inclusivity," in a 6-4 vote Tuesday with the stated intention of creating a "more inclusive" environment. The resolution said "the American flag is commonly flown in government public service locations, military related entities, at homes, in foreign lands where the US government has a presence," and its "symbolism has negative and positive aspects that are interpreted differently by individuals." Its passage drew widespread opposition from the campus community and beyond for being offensive and unpatriotic.