The Bricklin SV-1 was brought to life by automotive entrepreneur Malcolm Bricklin, who funded development and production of the car from the government of the Canadian province of New Brunswick. Production stopped in early 1976 when the company went into receivership. Including the Bricklin on its list of "The 20 Dumbest Cars of All Time", Autoblog wrote, "Memo to the world: When an automobile executive starts a new car company and proposes to name the car after himself, run like a stag in the opposite direction, lock your check book and credit cards in a safe and ask your best friend to keep the combination away from you no matter how much you beg for it. This scenario never turns out well." The Trabant P50 was introduced in Communist East Germany in 1957, followed shortly afterwards by the updated 601 in 1963. Because of its outdated and inefficient two-stroke engine (which produced poor fuel economy, low power output and thick, smoky exhaust), duroplast body and production shortages, the Trabant was regarded with derisive affection as a symbol of the economic downturn of East Germany and of the fall of the Eastern Bloc. Many East Germans streamed into West Berlin and West Germany in their Trabants after the opening of the Berlin Wall in 1989. However, the end of the GDR also meant the end of the Trabant as it wasn't competitive anymore against its new, much more sophisticated West German, French and Japanese competitors that quickly conquered the East German and Eastern European markets following the fall of the wall and the end of the Eastern Bloc. The Yugo brand was launched on the UK market in 1981 to compete with Eastern European products from Dacia, FSO, Lada and Skoda at the bottom of the new car market. The Fiat 128-based Zastava Skala was originally the only model imported there, but it was joined three years later by the Fiat 127- based version, marketed there as the Yugo Tempo. By 1989, a Giugiaro-styled all-new compact car, sold as the Yugo Sana in the UK, had joined the range, but UK sales along with all other sales on export markets were halted in 1992 as part of the UN sanctions on Yugoslavia as a result of the civil war there.