 Federal courts across the country have seen a flurry of activity over the last week as challengers of President Donald Trump's new travel ban race to block it before it ever goes into effect. Trump signed a new executive order last week banning foreign nationals from six Muslim-majority countries from entering the US for 90 days and banning all refugees for 120 days. The new order excludes those with green cards and valid visas. But the states that sued Trump over the original executive order have popped back to the surface with gusto, saying that merely changing who is exempted under the order doesn't make it constitutional and the new ban "differs only cosmetically."  Five Republican-appointed judges on the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals signaled their support for the legal underpinnings of President Donald Trump's travel ban late Wednesday in an unusual and unsolicited filing. Despite the fact that Trump has resoundingly and repeatedly criticized the 9th Circuit, five judges came to the President's defense, saying that "whatever we, as individuals, may feel about the President or the Executive Order, the President's decision was well within the powers of the presidency." The comments from the five judges do not impact the move by a federal judge in Hawaii who blocked Trump's new travel ban on Wednesday. But it could be meaningful down the line.  Washington state asked a federal judge Thursday to block President Donald Trump's new travel ban, claiming that White House officials have admitted "current motivations are no different than the first time around." Bob Ferguson, Washington state's attorney general, said that despite the recent exclusion of legal permanent residents and visa-holders from the new travel ban, the executive order still suffers from legal flaws, as it "purports to reinstate two provisions of the prior order" a federal judge in Seattle blocked last month. The state highlighted in Thursday's court filing several statements from the President's "own senior advisers," including White House press secretary Sean Spicer and senior policy adviser Stephen Miller, suggesting "the principles of the executive order remain the same," and that the second executive order was intended to address only "very technical issues" and achieve "the same basic policy outcome." US District Court Judge James Robart issued a nationwide temporary restraining order blocking implementation of key sections of the original travel ban on February 3.