 Donald Trump has directed nearly one-fifth of his campaign cash to companies that are part of his vast business empire, new federal records show. Trump, hurting for cash after he suddenly stopped self-funding his campaign last month, has mixed his public campaign and his private ventures for nearly the entire 2016 race. He has promoted Trump products at campaign events, publicly litigated a federal civil suit he's facing over Trump University on talk shows, and, this week, will bring the political press to Scotland for a tour of a Trump golf course. READ: Donald Trump's 'Mad Men' And it shows in his latest campaign finance report, filed Monday: Trump-linked businesses account for 17% of all campaign expenses to date.  Donald Trump announced Thursday that he's forgiving the millions he's loaned to his own campaign, calling it a contribution "made in order to 'Make America Great Again.'" In a written statement, the presumptive GOP nominee said he would not be requiring the campaign to pay him back. The total loan amounted to $46.1 million by the end of May 31, according to the most recent financial records available. The announcement comes in a week dominated by headlines about his lagging fundraising numbers behind those of Hillary Clinton.  Donald Trump and his joint fundraising committee have raised at least $11 million since Tuesday morning, Republicans said Wednesday, a tremendously quick haul that comes amid concerns about his fundraising ability. Trump Victory, the joint fundraising account with the Republican National Committee, and Trump's official campaign raised $5 million online since Tuesday morning, when it sent one of its first fundraising pitches to its email list, according to Sean Spicer, an RNC spokesman. That does not include the $2 million that Trump himself has pledged to match in the fundraising appeal, Spicer said. Trump has done virtually no small-dollar fundraising since launching his campaign a year ago, and is not expected to begin a full online fundraising operation until the convention.