The Honda Jazz has a good reputation in Europe with the UK's biggest automotive survey, performed by the motoring show Top Gear, revealing that the Honda Jazz was the second best vehicle on UK roads (after the Honda S2000), as voted by UK car owners in 2006. The popularity of the Jazz has made it Honda's best-selling model in the region, comprising 30% of all European Honda sales. Top Gear also stated that Honda Jazz (and the Toyota Yaris) is the closest to reality car that money can buy, meaning that a Honda Jazz can cover the majority of the automotive needs that man has today. In Brazil, although being considered for local manufacturing since the early 1980s (it was illegal to import cars in Brazil from 1973 until 1990), the Civic wasn't available until 1992, via official importing. In 1997, production of the sixth generation Civic sedan started in the Sumaré (a city near Campinas, in the state of São Paulo) factory. The only differences between the Japanese model and the Brazilian model were a slightly higher ground clearance, due to the country's road conditions and adaptations to make the engine suitable to Brazilian commercial gasoline, which contains about 25% ethanol (E25), and the absence of sunroof in the Brazilian sixth generation Civic EX. The seventh generation production started in 2001, displacing the Chevrolet Vectra from the top sales record for the mid-size sedan segment, however it lost that position to the Toyota Corolla the following year. In 1982, the Accord became the first car from a Japanese manufacturer to be produced in the United States when production commenced in Marysville, Ohio at Honda's Marysville Auto Plant. The Accord has achieved considerable success, especially in the United States, where it was the best-selling Japanese car for sixteen years (1982–97), topping its class in sales in 1991 and 2001, with around ten million vehicles sold. Numerous road tests, past and present, rate the Accord as one of the world's most reliable vehicles. The Accord has been on the Car and Driver 10Best list a record 30 times.