 The White House is quietly feeling the waters on trying for another push on immigration legislation as President Donald Trump continues to up the rhetoric on the issue. Trump focused on border security and immigration last week, tweeting repeatedly about the need for congressional action and ordering the deployment of the National Guard to the border. But sources say the there's more than just tweets, that the White House has been quietly reaching out to allies on the Hill to explore what might be doable. Still, that outreach has to date not included any Democrats and has been unfocused, leaving it unlikely the effort could muster the votes it would need to pass.  Retired Adm. Mike Mullen, a former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff under Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama, said Sunday on CNN's "Fareed Zakaria GPS" that he has been "extremely concerned" about military officials like retired Gen. John Kelly acting in political roles in President Donald Trump's administration. Mullen said he worries that having military officials, "without being a politician, without running for office," acting politically could undermine the military as an apolitical institution. Specifically, he said, he worries a "great deal" about Kelly "indirectly undermining us as a military" because of his role as White House chief of staff, a highly political job. While many people have told him they have felt comfortable having Secretary of Defense James Mattis, Kelly, and former White House national security adviser H.R. As the articles of impeachment moved to a vote before the full House and referral to the Senate for trial, Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell met with White House Counsel Pat Cipollone and congressional liaison Eric Ueland, later stating, "everything I do during this I'm coordinating with the White House counsel. There will be no difference between the president's position and our position as to how to handle this." McConnell also said there was "no chance" the Senate would convict Trump and remove him from office while declaring his wish that all Senate Republicans would acquit Trump of both articles of impeachment. Two days later, Judiciary Committee chairman Graham said, "I am trying to give a pretty clear signal I have made up my mind.