 French-American fusion is on the menu Tuesday as the White House prepares for the Trump administration's first state visit. French President Emanuel Macron and his wife, Brigitte, arrive in Washington Monday evening for a three-day visit, which will include a Monday evening helicopter tour of Washington's monuments and dinner at Mt. Vernon with President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump. On Tuesday, the first couple will host a more formal traditional military arrival ceremony, where the Macrons will be greeted by nearly 500 members of the United States Armed Forces for a traditional "review of the troops." After a receiving line whereby the president introduces the visiting head of state to all of the invited guests, the president and the visiting head of state, his or her spouse, and the first lady, walk down the Cross Hall and proceed to the State Dining Room where a four or five-course meal, typically consisting of an appetizer/soup, fish, meat, salad and dessert, are served to the guests. The menu planned in advance for a state dinner and prepared by the White House Executive Chef and White House Executive Pastry Chef centers around the national cuisine of the visiting foreign head of state, using local ingredients, flavors, and ethnic foods. Before eating the meal, both the president and the visiting foreign head of state give a speech on a lectern, paying tribute to diplomatic relations between the United States and the foreign head of state's country. Members of the "Strolling Strings," violinists from the United States Marine Band "The President's Own," disperse throughout the State Dining Room and perform for the guests seated around the candle-lit tables. Following the Burning of Washington and the near-destruction of the White House in 1814, the State Floor was rebuilt. This 1817 recreation saw the old Cabinet Room/Presidential Library turned into the State Dining Room, and the President's Antechamber into a Yellow Parlor. The Public Dining Room now became the Private Dining Room. The room was partitioned to make it smaller, and the western third of the room turned into a pantry.