 The escape of Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman aroused anger among U.S. officials and suspicions of inside help from corrupt Mexican prison employees, U.S. law enforcement officials said Sunday. The fear of an escape is one reason why U.S. officials had pushed the Mexican government, since his Guzman's capture last year, to extradite him to face charges in the U.S., where multiple indictments are filed for his role in Sinaloa trafficking schemes. Guards at the Altiplano Federal Prison discovered during a routine check on Saturday that Guzman, known as "El Chapo," was missing, a statement from the commission said. Guzman escaped  through a hole in his cell that led to a lighted and ventilated tunnel nearly a mile long, Mexico National Security spokesman Monte Alejandro Rubido García confirmed Sunday morning at a press conference in Mexico City.  After Mexico's most notorious drug lord stepped into a shower and slipped into a tunnel to escape from a maximum-security prison, authorities vowed it wouldn't be long before the Sinaloa cartel chief was behind bars again. Prison security cameras last recorded images of Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman on Saturday night, just before he apparently crawled through a hole in the shower area of his cell block at the Altiplano Federal Prison. Authorities said they later discovered a lighted and ventilated tunnel nearly a mile long that stretched from the prison to a half-built house, where investigators were searching for signs of Guzman's whereabouts Sunday. Now a massive manhunt is underway to find Guzman, Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto said.  Mexico's most notorious drug lord now has one more nefarious title: serial prison escapee. Authorities are scrambling to find Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman after his stunning escape from a maximum-security prison west of Mexico City. The leader of the Sinaloa cartel stepped into a shower Saturday night, crawled through a hole and vanished through a mile-long tunnel apparently built just for him. Mexico's government is offering a reward of up to 60 million pesos ($3.8 million) for information leading to his capture, the country's attorney general told reporters Monday, releasing what she said was a recent photograph of the cartel kingpin.