 After 24 hectic hours, Congress was back where it started Tuesday night -- with Republicans and Democrats in the Senate near a deal to end to the U.S. budget standoff, while House Republicans can't agree among themselves. Meanwhile the U.S. government is creeping closer to potentially defaulting on its debt, something the Treasury Department says will happen Thursday if there's no pact to hike the nation's borrowing limit. To this point, the Wall Street bond-rating firm Fitch has warned of a downgrade of gold-plated U.S. bonds, citing the default risk from "political brinkmanship." The economic nightmare from the possible debt default could compound the pain tied to the ongoing partial government shutdown, which enters its 16th day on Wednesday.  Two steps forward, one step back. A surge of optimism on Monday for a possible compromise to end the partial government shutdown and avoid a U.S. default as soon as this week got jolted by the sudden postponement of a White House meeting between President Barack Obama and congressional leaders. In a brief statement, the White House said the meeting announced earlier in the day was put on hold "to allow leaders in the Senate time to continue making important progress" toward a solution. It was unclear if the development signaled a problem or was needed to give more time for talks between Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and his Republican counterpart, Mitch McConnell, to finish an agreement that could win approval in the Senate and the House.  President Barack Obama and House Speaker John Boehner both want talks to continue on ending the partial government shutdown and avoiding a possible debt default -- a welcome development after weeks of acrimony, if not proof a breakthrough is near. Spokesman for both leaders, who were trading pointed barbs until a few days ago, issued statements after a Friday afternoon phone call, that "we should all keep talking." Conversations on Friday did yield some points of agreement among lawmakers, including on altering Obama's signature health care reforms and raising revenue to prevent forced cuts in government spending. But overall, there has been little indication that there is any legislation yet that all the key players -- the President, the GOP-led House and the Democratic-led Senate -- will rally behind.