 As other candidates are barnstorming Iowa, Jeb Bush made an out-of-the-way stop Tuesday to campaign in the rural town of Elko, Nevada, a small city in the northeastern corner of the state. The Republican presidential candidate made a similar pitch as he's been making in other early voting states, urging the crowd to prove the pundits "wrong" and back a candidate that may be low in the polls yet has a record of experience rather than the current front-runner, Donald Trump. "I have confidence that you're going to make the right decision, and I hope that you'll caucus for me in the fourth week of February, where you're going to make a difference to send a signal to the rest of the country that people in Nevada got their head's screwed on the right way," he said. Bush delivered his standard stump speech to about 135 people at the rally, which was held in the Northeastern Nevada Museum, a sprawling venue that's filled with taxidermy animals among other exhibits.  Ted Cruz has crisscrossed Iowa, headed to all 99 counties and has aggressively targeted this state's evangelical voters. Jeb Bush hired a top Iowa operative and had 30 paid staffers to build his operation here, while saying last summer that he still hoped to win the Hawkeye State. And Marco Rubio has dropped more money on TV than any other candidate, culminating in a 30-minute advertisement he's launching in media markets across the state. But each of these candidates have something in common: They are bracing for a Donald Trump win in Iowa and planning for the aftermath.  Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush became the latest Republican presidential candidate to criticize Donald Trump's decision to skip Thursday night's Fox News debate, saying the move will "hurt him" in Iowa. Bush also took on his rivals for the nomination for not directly attacking Trump in previous debates. In an interview with CNN's Chief Political Analyst Gloria Borger, Bush deemed Trump's boycott "kind of weird" and claimed that "it'll hurt him that he's not showing up in the Iowa debate, four days before the Iowa caucuses."