 William Barr, President Donald Trump's pick to be the next attorney general, met Thursday with Senate Democrats who have questioned his nomination over his criticisms of special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation. Sen. Dianne Feinstein, the top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee, said Barr made private assurances to her that he wouldn't interfere with the Mueller probe. Now she needs to hear them in public. "Well, my intention will be to get that on the record before I'm satisfied," Feinstein told reporters after her meeting with Barr.  Acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker has agreed to testify before the House Judiciary Committee early next month, the panel's chairman Jerry Nadler announced Tuesday. Whitaker's public testimony will give House Democrats a chance to question him about his views on special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation, any actions he's taken related to the probe and his decision not to recuse from the special counsel investigation after Justice Department ethics officials recommended he do so. It also could put him in the hot seat before the President's permanent pick for attorney general, William Barr, can be confirmed by the Senate. Nadler last week threatened to issue a subpoena to Whitaker for his testimony if he did not agree to appear in January, but the committee and Justice Department agreed he would voluntarily appear on February 8, Nadler said in a letter sent to Whitaker Tuesday.  Attorney General nominee William Barr said that, if confirmed, he would let special counsel Robert Mueller finish his investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election and believes the results should be made public. "On my watch, Bob will be allowed to complete his work," Barr intends to say to Congress at the start of his Senate hearing Tuesday, according to prepared testimony released on Monday. "I believe it is in the best interest of everyone -- the President, Congress, and, most importantly, the American people -- that this matter be resolved by allowing the special counsel to complete his work," he will say. "The country needs a credible resolution of these issues.