 President Barack Obama, the 44th commander in chief of the United States, caps off eight years in office on January 20. Those eight years saw the nation grapple with the worst economic disaster since the Great Depression. The country's response to that crisis helped reshape the economy and the makeup of the political system a few times over. And for every day of those eight years, the nation was at war -- on multiple fronts, against multiple groups for multiple purposes.  "The only thing that is the end of the world is the end of the world." With that parting message to the nation, a sanguine Barack Obama sought to reassure the millions of Democrats disorientated and fearful about Donald Trump's pending inauguration that presidents may change but the nation always endures. Still, in his final news conference as president, Obama warned that only an active citizenry and relentless political engagement can preserve what he sees as the successes of his administration and the values he believes have already made America great. Obama drew a figurative line between his about-to-expire administration and the incoming Republican one that aims to destroy much of his legacy.  I watched Barack Obama's farewell address Tuesday night with my kids held close, feeling sad exuberance at what this unique and incredible man had accomplished over the past eight years, and at the fact that his time as President would fast be over. When he turned to his family in the audience -- giving shine to Michelle Obama, the first lady, America's mom, and their lovely and accomplished daughters, Malia and Sasha -- tears welled up in my eyes, as they did in the President's own. After all, the special power of this presidency was not solely in the occupant of the Oval Office; Mrs. Obama transformed and transcended the role of first lady, and the daughters that she and the President raised, the family they made together, stood as an example that gave the lie to every conservative narrative about the degradation of family values in our modern era. That's when I noticed that one family member was missing.