 Singer, actress and Pete Buttigieg campaign surrogate Mandy Moore dismissed suggestions Monday that the former South Bend, Indiana, mayor is beholden to elites, saying she doesn't "think that Hollywood even knows what to do with him." Moore joined Buttigieg on the trial in Iowa Monday as Democratic candidates are making their final appeal to voters ahead of the last debate before the Iowa caucuses next month. Rival campaigns have sought to cast Buttigieg as being cozy with donors and other influencers, including those in Hollywood, as he's chosen to host lavish fundraisers, unlike some of his competitors. "I've actually never heard that before, and I would say absolutely not -- cozy with the Hollywood folks?  Caution ruled the night of the final Democratic presidential debate before the Iowa caucuses. There were some clashes on stage, but the generally careful approach from the four candidates that sit atop the Iowa polls -- former Vice President Joe Biden, former South Bend, Indiana, Mayor Pete Buttigieg, Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders and Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren -- suggested they all believe they have paths to victory and weren't eager to change the race's course so close to the first real test of 2020. The CNN/Des Moines Register debate's most memorable moment might have come from Warren, who, in a direct pitch for her electability, made the case that a woman is best suited to beat Trump in 2020. Warren and Sanders, after trying to de-escalate their ongoing feud on stage during the debate, appeared to have a tense moment as candidates exited the stage.  Democratic presidential candidate Pete Buttigieg will begin airing four distinct ads in the early-nominating states on Tuesday, tailoring a message ranging from income inequality to his opposition to "Medicare for All" to his support from black South Bend, Indiana, residents to audiences in Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada and South Carolina. The four ads -- which roll out less than a month from when Iowans become the first to decide on the Democratic nominee -- signal how the former South Bend, Indiana, mayor's top aides believe different messages may work better in each early state, as opposed to one steadfast message from Buttigieg, who routinely sprinkles a host of issues into his standard stump speech. In Iowa, a state that will be critical to Buttigieg's future in the nominating process, the former mayor will air an ad focused on economic inequality, showing him decrying that "workers have to work multiple jobs just to hold on to what they've got, while corporations making billions of dollars are paying zero in taxes." "I am running to be a president for the guy who's up early scraping the windshield on his way to the first of his jobs," Buttigieg says in the spot, titled "Windshield."