In April 2010, in response to extensive negative publicity and criticism of the Pope, the Vatican entered what the Associated Press called "full damage control mode". Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone, the Vatican's secretary of state, during a visit to Chile, linked the scandal to homosexuality. In response to widespread criticism of that statement, Vatican spokesman Federico Lombardi said Bertone's statement went outside the remit of church authorities, while maintaining that "the statement was aimed at 'clarifying' Cardinal Bertone's remarks and should not be seen as the Holy See 'distancing' itself from them." He also noted that 10 per cent of the cases concerned paedophilia in the "strict sense", and the other 90 per cent concerned sex between priests and adolescents. Gregory Venables, Anglican bishop of Argentina and former primate of the Anglican Church of the Southern Cone of America, said that Cardinal Bergoglio had told him very clearly that the personal ordinariates established within the Catholic Church for groups of former Anglicans was "quite unnecessary" and that the Catholic Church needed Anglicans as Anglicans. A spokesman for the ordinariates said the words were those of Venables, not the Pope. Pope Francis met for the first time the archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby, when he visited the Vatican, on 14 June 2013. The Roman Pontiff said that they both shared the same concerns for social justice, peace and the promotion of Christian values, in matters like marriage. Francis decries the imbalance that can occur "when we speak more about law than about grace, more about the Church than about Christ, more about the Pope than about God’s word." Francis' efforts toward a "healthy decentralisation" of the Church have polarised opinion within the Roman Curia and in the church in general. Some fear this will dilute the universal message, sow confusion, and further divide the church. The struggle that began early in Francis' papacy, between "anti-Vatican II diehards and clerics who prefer John XXIII’s (and Francis’s) generosity of spirit", had by 2018 become "unique in its visibility", with bookstores carrying titles like "Lost Shepherd", "The Dictator Pope", and "The Political Pope: How Pope Francis is Delighting the Left and Abandoning Conservatives".