 Top military officials, including Defense Secretary James Mattis, warned President Donald Trump during an afternoon meeting Thursday that he risks escalating US involvement in Syria if he goes forward with the type of aggressive bombing campaign he has pressed for over the past week, according to US and western officials briefed on the conversation. Trump has pushed military leaders to develop plans for a sustained assault on Syrian regime targets in response to last weekend's chemical attack, the officials said. But Mattis and other members of the President's national security team cautioned Trump during the meeting that such a strategy could pull the US into direct conflict with Russia and Iran. The resistance has upset Trump, who wanted to take quick action and feels like the options being presented to him don't go far enough, according to the officials.  The Republican chairman of the House Armed Services Committee said Monday that President Donald Trump's prior announcement that the US will leave Syria was a "mistake." "I think the notion that we would leave Syria was a mistake because we haven't finished destroying ISIS and because people like Iran and Russia see a vacuum created when the US leaves into which they will run," Texas GOP Rep. William "Mac" Thornberry said on CNN's "Newsroom" on Monday. Thornberry made his comments after Trump warned via Twitter on Sunday that there would be a "big price" to pay following reports of a chemical weapons attack in Syria. Trump's statement came after he recently announced the US would be exiting Syria, although a top general said later that Trump had imposed no timeline for withdrawal as the campaign against ISIS continues.  Russia's deputy prime minister ridiculed President Donald Trump's Twitter diplomacy Friday, saying that international relations should not depend on any individual's frame of mind. "We cannot depend on the mood of someone on the other side of the ocean when he wakes up, on what a specific person takes into his head in the morning," Arkady Dvorkovich said, according to the Russian state-run news agency RIA Novosti. He did not specifically name Trump, but the US leader did threaten military action against Syria in early-morning tweets this week. As the United States considers its response to a suspected chemical attack last week in Douma, Syria, Trump's threats against Syria and Russia have been made almost entirely on Twitter.