 The lawyer for one of the Kazakh students who befriended Boston Marathon suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev says his client is being held strictly on immigration violations and had nothing to do with the explosions on April 15. The attorney, Robert Stahl, told CNN that his client, Dias Kadyrbayev, and a fellow Kazakh student, Azamat Tazhayakov, were questioned for about 10 hours by FBI agents on April 19, just hours before Tsarnaev surrendered to authorities after he was found hiding in a boat in Watertown, Massachusetts. "They were questioned by FBI agents. They cooperated voluntarily.  Boston bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev was not on a terrorism watch list or a "no-fly" list when he traveled to Russia last year, a federal law enforcement official told CNN on Tuesday. The source, who spoke on condition of not being identified, noted the FBI found no suspicions of terrorist ties when it interviewed Tsarnaev and his family members and friends in 2011 after Russia asked U.S. authorities for information on the immigrant from the Caucasus region. Because the United States "never deemed him a threat," Tsarnaev "was not on a terror watch list or any 'no-fly' list," according to the official. The information added to questions over the FBI's handling of Tsarnaev, 26, the older of two brothers accused of setting off two bombs that killed three people and injured more than 260 others near the finish line of last week's Boston Marathon.  Here are the most recent developments in the investigation into the April 15 Boston Marathon bombings: New developments:  -- The bombs used in the Boston Marathon attack were built in the apartment that suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev shared with his wife and child, a U.S. law enforcement official with first-hand knowledge of the investigation told CNN on Thursday. The official was not authorized to release the information. -- Suspected Boston Marathon bombers Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev initially planned to carry out an attack on July 4, but their bombs were ready earlier than they expected and they decided to move up the date, a U.S. law enforcement official told CNN on Thursday. Previously reported developments: -- The laptop computer belonging to bombings suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been turned over to the FBI by one of Tsarnaev's friends who has been charged with obstructing justice, Dias Kadyrbayev's lawyer told CNN on Thursday.