 Incoming White House chief of staff John Kelly will likely keep a top aide as he settles into his new role. Kirstjen Nielsen, the chief of staff at the Department of Homeland Security, is expected to become a new White House deputy chief of staff, following Kelly as he moves from his post as the department's secretary to the West Wing, an administration official told CNN on Saturday. Just after he landed on Air Force One at Joint Base Andrews outside Washington on Friday, President Donald Trump abruptly announced on Twitter that he was replacing former chief of staff Reince Priebus with Kelly, ending Priebus' turbulent six-month tenure. "I am pleased to inform you that I have just named General/Secretary John F Kelly as White House Chief of Staff," Trump tweeted.  President Donald Trump woke up Friday with a key campaign promise defeated and his staff in open warfare, the elements combining into a storm of chaos for a man who, six months into the job, is swiftly realizing the limits of his power. Trump, who watched from his White House residence as the vote to repeal Obamacare failed in the dark morning hours, has this week alone run up against his own party on major legislation, a decision to bar transgender people from the military, and an attempt to push Attorney General Jeff Sessions from his job. As the week closed, some of Trump's top aides were losing patience, both with their colleagues and with the President himself. There is a growing sense around Trump that conditions are ripening for chief of staff Reince Priebus to leave his post -- though sources close to the embattled aide insisted on Friday that he's staying put until asked to leave.  Reince Priebus's six-month stint in the White House landed in the history books on a rainy Friday afternoon: He became the shortest-serving chief of staff. Ever. No White House chief of staff's term has ended more swiftly than the former GOP chairman's short 189 days on the job. The widely anticipated announcement followed a series of public attacks on Priebus this week from new White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci, who boarded Air Force One with Trump and Priebus for a Friday afternoon event in New York.