 The White House on Monday denounced a spate of threats made against Jewish Community Centers around the country. The reaction is notable coming after weeks of criticism that the Trump administration has not been forceful enough to denounce acts of anti-Semitism that have occurred nationwide since his election. "Hatred and hate-motivated violence of any kind have no place in a country founded on the promise of individual freedom. The President has made it abundantly clear that these actions are unacceptable," said White House deputy press secretary Lindsay Walters.  Vice President Mike Pence will sit down with Sheldon Adelson behind closed doors on Friday, a meeting that cements the Republican billionaire's place as a key adviser to the new administration. Pence, who is speaking to the Republican Jewish Coalition that meets at Adelson's hotel and casino in Las Vegas, The Venetian, will chat formally with Adelson just before he addresses the entire RJC on Friday evening, according to a source with knowledge of the meeting. Adelson, who disclosed nearly $80 million in donations to conservative groups in the 2016 cycle, is the country's most prolific Republican donor, and he has developed a close relationship with both President Donald Trump and Pence. But Trump's relationship with other elite Jewish donors has been rocky, with many prominent givers lauding his hawkish brand of Zionism but frustrated at times with the administration's missteps, such as when Trump was slow to rebuke a recent spate of anti-Semitic attacks.  Donald Trump's nominee to be ambassador to Israel, David Friedman, delivered a lengthy speech on the eve of the 2016 election in which he outlined his hardline views on Israeli-Palestinian relations — views that have come under scrutiny during his confirmation process. In the speech delivered in his hometown of Woodmere, NY, video of which was reviewed by CNN's KFile, Friedman boasted of removing references of the two-state solution and occupation of the West Bank from the Republican Party platform, called the Jewish group J-Street "a dangerous organization," and said the Anti-Defamation League had "lost all credibility." He said it would be "ludicrous" to pressure Israel to make peace to create "another Arab dysfunctional state." Friedman also falsely asserted that Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin has ties to the Muslim Brotherhood, a far-right conspiracy theory that has been debunked by several fact-checking organizations.