 Allegations that Chinese hackers infiltrated the computers of two leading U.S. newspapers add to a growing number of cyber attacks on Western companies, governments and foreign-based dissidents that are believed to originate in China, experts say. According to one recent report, one in every three observed computer attacks in the third quarter of 2012 emanated from China. Chinese officials have denied that Beijing has supported any cyber attacks, stressing that hacking is illegal in the country. The New York Times reported Wednesday it had been the target of four months of cyber assaults, which started during an  investigation by the newspaper into the wealth reportedly accumulated by relatives of the Chinese premier, Wen Jiabao.  The New York Times says Chinese hackers have carried out sustained attacks on its computer systems, breaking in and stealing the passwords of high-profile reporters and other staff members. According to The Times, one of the biggest and most respected U.S. newspapers, the cyberassaults took place over the past four months, beginning during an investigation by the newspaper into the wealth reportedly accumulated by relatives of the Chinese premier, Wen Jiabao. The Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday that its computer systems also had been infiltrated by Chinese hackers. The hackers were monitoring the newspaper's China coverage, according to a written statement from Paula Keve, chief communications officer for parent company Dow Jones & Co. "Evidence shows that infiltration efforts target the monitoring of the Journal's coverage of China, and are not an attempt to gain commercial advantage or to misappropriate customer information," the statement read, according to The Journal.  More Mainland Chinese travelers are jet-setting to foreign shores and global luxury brands are cashing in, according to a new survey by KPMG, the global auditing firm. The report also revealed that rising Chinese incomes are fueling demand for luxury goods right at home in the domestic market. The findings from KPMG's "The Global Reach of China Luxury" echo reports over the past several months that show Chinese consumers are able -- and willing -- to pay more. An HSBC report in September estimated that 25% of the world's luxury purchases were made by Chinese nationals -- a jump up from a 5% market share in 2007.