 Donald Trump's former attorney and fixer Michael Cohen testified in detail Wednesday about the President's involvement in hush-money payments to women and his knowledge of longtime confidant Roger Stone's efforts to contact WikiLeaks, while Trump's Republican defenders aggressively worked to undermine Cohen's credibility. Cohen's dramatic public testimony before the House Oversight Committee ping-ponged between Democrats who walked Cohen through the actions Trump took and Republicans who challenged Cohen over his financial crimes and past lies to Congress. Cohen's public testimony Wednesday was undoubtedly a spectacle, but its ultimate impact will depend upon whether Cohen's allegations are viewed as credible. Cohen's hearing comes while the President has his own big moment: Cohen is testifying about what he says are Trump's misdeeds while the President is in Vietnam meeting with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.  There are 18 GOP members on the House Oversight Committee, but one Republican has dominated the minority's time at Wednesday's hearing with Michael Cohen. Rep. Jim Jordan, the top Republican on the committee, took his initial five minutes to aggressively question the credibility of President Donald Trump's former attorney and "fixer." But several of Jordan's Republican colleagues yielded a portion of their five minutes of question time back to Jordan so the ranking GOP member could continue his assault on Cohen's integrity as a witness. Rep. Mark Green of Tennessee, for instance, asked Cohen if he had a book deal lined up (no, Cohen said) and who had paid his expenses to travel to Washington for the hearing (he paid the expenses himself, Cohen said).  Two of President Donald Trump's closest allies on the House Oversight Committee referred Trump's former personal lawyer, Michael Cohen, to the Justice Department Thursday for possible criminal prosecution, claiming to have evidence that Cohen "committed perjury and knowingly made false statements" to lawmakers during his day-long testimony Wednesday. The criminal referral -- sent by Ohio Rep. Jim Jordan, the top Republican on the Oversight Committee, and North Carolina Republican Rep. Mark Meadows -- outlined several areas of testimony they urged the Justice Department to investigate, including Cohen's claims Wednesday that he did not seek a job in the Trump White House, his denial of committing bank fraud, as well as his assertion that he did not have any reportable contracts with foreign entities. "I was extremely proud to be the personal attorney for the President of the United States of America," Cohen told lawmakers Wednesday. "I did not want to go to the White House."