 Two top Democrats are demanding the White House provide legal justification for the missile strikes against the Syrian government earlier this month. Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine and California Rep. Adam Schiff wrote a letter to President Donald Trump on Monday requesting the White House provide the legal basis for the attack on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's regime when Congress has the constitutional role of declaring war. "It has now been over two weeks since you ordered the strike on the airfield, and your Administration has yet to put forward any detailed legal analysis or justification for that action under domestic and international law," the Democrats wrote. "The legal justification for an attack on the Syrian government is not an afterthought, but rather a first order consideration, and something that is vital for the American people to understand at the outset," they added. On December 22, 2018, the federal government was partially shut down after Trump declared that any funding extension must include $5.6 billion in federal funds for a U.S.–Mexico border wall to partly fulfill his campaign promise. The shutdown was caused by a lapse in funding for nine federal departments, affecting about one-fourth of federal government activities. Trump said he would not accept any bill that does not include funding for the wall, and Democrats, who control the House, said they would not support any bill that does. Senate Republicans have said they will not advance any legislation that Trump would not sign.  President Donald Trump tweeted Saturday that he will mark his 100th day in office on April 29 by "holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania." The rally will take place on the same day as the annual White House correspondents' dinner, which the President has declined to attend. The announcement comes just a day after Trump tweeted about the "ridiculous standard" of the 100-day construct for measuring the achievements of a new administration. The 100 days measure is linked to President Franklin Roosevelt, who signed 15 major pieces of legislation early in his presidency; the time frame is when a president's power and influence with Congress is likely the greatest.