 Obamacare remains popular with Americans, despite efforts by Republican senators to repeal a central provision of the health reform law that requires everyone to maintain coverage or pay a penalty. Nearly 1.5 million consumers signed up for 2018 Obamacare coverage in the first 11 days of open enrollment, according to data released by the Trump administration Wednesday. A year ago, 1 million people had chosen policies in the first 12 days of the season. Of the people who have selected Obamacare plans for 2018, about 346,000 were new to the exchanges while 1.1. million were renewing their coverage. In its first three years, the CFI completed more than 100 innovation projects within the Mayo system, ranging from redesigning Mayo's traditional clinical exam room; to streamlining job descriptions and protocols in a dermatology clinic; to analyzing how hospital care teams hand off patients from one team to another; to supporting a project with a “stroke robot” that enables Mayo physicians to consult with patients from a remote location within seconds of the first possible signs of a stroke.  It says something about the present state of the Republican Party that some of the leadership are likely breathing a sigh of relief that the horrific distraction du jour -- e.g., "traditional values"-focused US Senate candidate Roy Moore facing accusations of sexually predatory behavior toward minors -- is stealing the spotlight from its disastrous plan for tax reform. Let's get the headlines out of the way: Under both versions of the plan, issuing from the House and the Senate respectively, the richest 1% in our country and big corporations will get an enormous windfall, which will cause the federal deficit to soar by as much as $1.5 trillion over the next decade. Neither does much to help the vast majority of Americans. But -- depending on what mess emerges from the conferences that will weave the two versions into a common compromise -- some groups will be disproportionately harmed.