The Brooklyn Bridge has also been lauded for its architecture. One of the first positive reviews was "The Bridge As A Monument", a Harper's Weekly piece written by architecture critic Montgomery Schuyler and published a week after the bridge's opening. In the piece, Schuyler wrote: "It so happens that the work which is likely to be our most durable monument, and to convey some knowledge of us to the most remote posterity, is a work of bare utility; not a shrine, not a fortress, not a palace, but a bridge." Architecture critic Lewis Mumford would later cite the piece as the impetus for serious architectural criticism in the U.S.  A man arrested in connection to a bi-coastal crime spree that involved murder, rape and holding a woman captive used dating websites to connect with some of his alleged victims, police say. Danueal Drayton of New Haven, Connecticut, was wanted in connection with the killing of a woman in Queens, New York, according to New York Police Department Chief of Detectives Dermot Shea, and was eventually linked to a rape that occurred several weeks earlier in Brooklyn. He was arrested this week in California, where authorities accuse him of sexually assaulting and attempting to kill another woman he was allegedly holding against her will after they went on a date, according to the Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office. "The common denominator" in the murder and rape cases in New York "is dating websites," Shea said at a press conference this week. Brooklyn Danielle Decker Roddick (born April 12, 1987) is an American model and actress best known for her appearances in the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue, including the cover of the 2010 issue. In addition to working for Victoria's Secret for the 2010 "Swim" collection, she has ventured into television with guest appearances on Chuck, Ugly Betty, The League, and Royal Pains. She made her feature film debut in Just Go with It (2011), and later starred in Battleship (2012) and What to Expect When You're Expecting (2012).