 Attorney General Jeff Sessions dismissed comparisons of the detention facilities for migrant children to Nazi concentration camps by arguing that Nazis "were keeping the Jews from leaving the country." "Well, it's a real exaggeration, of course. In Nazi Germany, they were keeping the Jews from leaving the country," Sessions tried to explain during an interview Monday night with Fox News host Laura Ingraham. Sessions later said if parents are deported, their children return to their home country with them.  A bipartisan group of more than 70 former US attorneys are calling on Attorney General Jeff Sessions to reverse the Trump administration's policy of prosecuting all people who cross the border illegally, saying it is "dangerous, expensive, and inconsistent" with the values of the Justice Department. "Like the majority of Americans, we have been horrified by the images and stories of children torn from their families along our nation's Southwest Border. And like a majority of Americans, we are appalled that your Zero Tolerance policy has resulted in the unnecessary trauma and suffering of innocent children," the prosecutors wrote on Medium in a post published Tuesday morning. The most visible byproduct of the Trump administration's practice, known as "zero tolerance," has resulted in thousands of children being separated from their parents when apprehended at the border, because unaccompanied minors can only be held in immigration detention for a short period of time.  Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Monday defended the Trump administration's controversial immigration policy that has resulted in the separation of undocumented children from their parents at the US border, saying, "We're doing the right thing. We're taking care of these children." Sessions' comments came during an interview on Fox News. The attorney general went on to say that the children "are not being abused" and that the Department of Health and Human Services "holds them in good conditions, they work hard at it."