 At some point in the next 24(ish) hours, President Donald Trump is expected to release a rough transcript of an April telephone conversation he had with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. The President has been teasing the release of the call notes for days now -- and CNN's Ted Barrett has reported that Trump actually showed the rough log of the call to a group of Republican senators that he had lunch with on Thursday. North Dakota Sen. Kevin Cramer, one of the senators who saw the transcript, told reporters that there was "nothing in there very interesting." Which is in keeping with how Trump has sought to cast that first call, which came months before a July 25 phone call in which Trump pressured Zelensky to open an investigation into former Vice President Joe Biden.  The White House released a rough transcript of President Donald Trump's first phone call with his Ukrainian counterpart as Friday's impeachment hearing was getting underway. The congratulatory conversation contained few of the problematic requests that a later July phone call did. But it did show Trump eager to engage President Volodymyr Zelensky, whom he would later ask to investigate his political rivals. "When you're settled in and ready, I'd like to invite you to the White House.  The White House placed the responsibility on the top Ukraine expert at the National Security Council on Friday after being asked about the discrepancy between the April readout of President Donald Trump's phone call with the Ukrainian President and the transcript released Friday. The President also ignored directives from his National Security Council staff to bring up corruption during his first call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, despite the White House's claim that fighting corruption was his primary reason for withholding the military aid, CNN has learned. In that transcript, there is no mention of corruption despite a White House readout of the call that was released in April that stated the issue arose. A White House spokesperson put that discrepancy at the feet of a central witness to the House impeachment inquiry in a statement.