 When it was announced last November that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle (now the Duke and Duchess of Sussex) were to marry, the former actress became one of the world's most watched dressers overnight. And it wasn't just the bride-to-be's dress that sparked interest. Since then, her every outfit has been cataloged by the press, scrutinized by the public and emulated by women with a lust for luxurious coats, shift dresses and sharp suiting. And now that the couple has announced they're expecting a child next spring, we can expect that level of interest to reach new heights, as watchers ponder: How will trendsetting Meghan, the royal family's glamorous new addition, make maternity fashion her own? Thomas Markle Jr. was not invited to the wedding of Prince Harry and his half-sister, and at the time of the wedding, he had not seen her for about seven years. In an interview with the Daily Mirror in April 2018, Markle called his half-sister a "phony" who had "turned into a different person" and "forgotten her roots and her family" since becoming famous. He then sent Prince Harry a letter, asking him to call off the wedding – saying the upcoming wedding would be "the biggest mistake in Royal Wedding History", criticizing his half-sister's treatment of Thomas Markle Sr. by saying she had been "using her own father until he's bankrupt", and calling her "a jaded, shallow, conceited woman". However, he later wrote another letter in which Markle told his half-sister he was "sorry for venting my frustrations" after not being invited to the wedding and that he was "very proud" of her and wanted her "to have a great wedding and a long future with Prince Harry". Markle was married to actor and producer Trevor Engelson from 2011 until their divorce in 2013. In 2017, she announced her engagement to Prince Harry, grandson of Queen Elizabeth II, and she moved to London. She retired from acting, closed her related social media accounts, and started undertaking public engagements as part of the British royal family. She became Duchess of Sussex upon her marriage to Prince Harry in 2018.