 President Barack Obama and Republican challenger Mitt Romney step into a more free-wheeling town-hall style debate on Tuesday night, a setting that has given the two coolly intellectual candidates some trouble in the past. Both will have to recalibrate their approaches from their first encounter on Oct. 3, which was won by Romney. "I think Obama assumes he will do better in town hall debates because he has an advantage on empathy," said Emory University political science professor Andra Gillespie, adding that Obama is going to have to "show a little more passion and fire in his belly." Five things to watch for in tonight's debate Romney could be less aggressive, which earned him points in the first debate, and focus more on trying to narrow the likability gap.  A sharp exchange over the U.S. response to the September 11 terrorist attack in Libya dominated the political discussion on Wednesday following a bruising debate that analysts and polls scored a victory for President Barack Obama over Republican challenger Mitt Romney. The Tuesday night debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, featured a revitalized  Obama fighting back against his equally combative GOP foe in an argumentative encounter three weeks before Election Day. With a third and final debate next week, the candidates appeared likely to secure their standing in an already tight race that portends a cliffhanger presidential vote. On Wednesday, both campaigns continued their focus on battleground states considered crucial to winning the White House.  CNN chief political correspondent Candy Crowley will moderate the second presidential debate, to be held Tuesday at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, the first woman to do so in two decades. Crowley, host of CNN's "State of the Union," was asked about the town hall format, her role, her expectations for how she'll manage the face-off between President Barack Obama and Republican challenger Mitt Romney, and her feelings about being selected for the honor. You can ask Crowley about her experience through iReport. CNN: Does a town hall debate present unique challenges and opportunities for the candidates because it's not your normal debate behind a podium?