Dallas () is a city in the U.S. state of Texas and the largest city and seat of Dallas County, with portions extending into Collin, Denton, Kaufman and Rockwall counties. With an estimated 2018 population of 1,345,047, it is the ninth most-populous city in the U.S. and third in Texas after Houston and San Antonio. Located in North Texas, the city of Dallas is the main core of the largest metropolitan area in the Southern United States and the largest inland metropolitan area in the U.S. that lacks any navigable link to the sea. It is the most populous city in the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex, the fourth-largest metropolitan area in the country at 7.5 million people as of 2018.Dallas and nearby Fort Worth were initially developed due to the construction of major railroad lines through the area allowing access to cotton, cattle and later oil in North and East Texas. Patrolmen Holloway Daniel "H.D." Murphy and Edward Bryan Wheeler, both stationed in Fort Worth, were on routine patrol on State Highway 114 in Grapevine when they noticed a car parked on intersecting Dove Road. Believing the vehicle's occupants were in need of assistance, the troopers approached the car. They were unaware that the car's occupants were Bonnie Parker, Clyde Barrow, and Henry Methvin, outlaws wanted in several states for a string of robberies, kidnappings, and murders - including those of multiple police officers - that began in 1932 and had brought the gang nationwide attention. In May 2019, Texas Governor Greg Abbott ordered the deployment of dozens of Highway Patrol troopers to South Dallas in response to a sharp rise in crime there. The troopers' responsibilities were to augment and assist the Dallas Police Department in order to reduce violent crime in south Dallas. In August 2019, Dallas Police reported a 29% reduction in violent crime in the areas where troopers were deployed, citing over 1,000 arrests and 12,500 traffic stops made by troopers. Some local politicians and Dallas residents, however, voiced concerns about the efficacy of the troopers' presence, and some critics argued that the crime reduction cited by Dallas Police was not as significant as that agency portrayed it to be.