 Donald Trump Jr. retweeted an unsubstantiated claim on Friday insinuating missing Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi is a terrorism sympathizer -- a move that comes as the administration of his father, President Donald Trump, faces pressure on how to respond to the journalist's disappearance. Khashoggi, a former Saudi royal insider who became a critic of the country's government, disappeared last week after he went into the Saudi Arabian consulate in Istanbul, Turkey, to obtain paperwork to marry his Turkish fiancée. Turkish authorities have said they believe Khashoggi, a columnist for The Washington Post, was killed inside the consulate, a startling allegation that is firmly denied by the Saudis. The series of tweets that Trump Jr. retweeted Friday included a post by Patrick Poole, who according to his Twitter profile is a national security and terrorism correspondent for PJ Media, a conservative-leaning collaborative news and commentary blog formerly known as Pajamas Media.  Amid international outcry and condemnation of Saudi Arabia, sparked by accusations the kingdom's royal court oversaw the murder of a dissident journalist, President Donald Trump and his administration have resisted cutting ties to a key US defense and trading partner. US officials have so far declined to endorse a Turkish assessment of Jamal Khashoggi's death, which includes -- according to Turkish claims -- audio and video recordings from inside the consulate revealing Khashoggi was killed. The Saudis have issued a broad denial of responsibility, but have offered nothing concrete to prove that Khashoggi walked out of their consulate or that he is still alive. Even as Trump vowed on Friday to raise the matter with Saudi King Salman and claims that answers will come "sooner than people think," senior administration officials on Friday described a process expected to take weeks, if not months, to determine what precisely happened to Khashoggi at the Saudi consulate in Istanbul, and to develop a US response if it is determined he was killed on orders from the Saudi government.  The mysterious disappearance of Saudi writer and Washington Post contributor Jamal Khashoggi after he entered the Saudi consulate in Istanbul last week has cast a spotlight on the Saudi regime, which is dominated by 33-year-old Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman (known commonly as MBS). This, in turn, raises questions about the nature of the big bet that the Trump administration has placed on the Crown Prince. For every positive move that MBS has made -- giving women the right to drive, allowing concerts in his kingdom, trying to open up the statist, oil-dependent Saudi economy and curtailing the powers of the feared religious police -- he has also accumulated a long list of errors. The Saudi military intervention in neighboring Yemen that began in 2015, has, to put it mildly, not been a success.