 Reluctant approval from Congress for providing military support to Syrian rebels allows the Obama administration to move forward with plans first announced almost six weeks ago. White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters on Tuesday that the goal of the military aid expected to include small arms, ammunition and perhaps anti-tank weapons is to keep the Syrian opposition going against forces aligned with President Bashar al-Assad's regime. Noting al-Assad's forces have been helped by Hezbollah in Lebanon as well as Iran, Carney said Syrian rebels need the help of the United States and allied nations to withstand an increased assault. "The aid is intended to help the opposition resist Assad and eventually prevail," Carney said, adding that any resolution of Syria's civil war will require a political transition. Assad de-radicalised the Ba'ath government when he took power by giving more space to private property and by strengthening the country's foreign relations with countries which his predecessor had deemed reactionary. He sided with the Soviet Union during the Cold War in turn for support against Israel, and, while he had forsaken the pan-Arab concept of unifying the Arab world into one Arab nation, he sought to make Syria the defender of Arab interests against Israel. When he came to power, Assad organised state services along sectarian lines (the Sunnis became the heads of political institutions, while the Alawites took control of the military, intelligence, and security apparatuses). The formerly collegial powers of Ba'athist decision-making were curtailed, and were transferred to the Syrian presidency.  Syria's opposition urged the United States to provide arms to rebel groups in a Thursday meeting with Secretary of State John Kerry at the U.S. mission to the United Nations. "The US commitment of military support ... is vital, but it needs to happen fast, and in a way that allows us to defend ourselves and protect civilians," a statement from the Syrian National Coalition. "To deny us the right to self-defense is to risk that the regime will survive: thousands will be executed, the repression will continue without end." The session between Kerry and coalition President Ahmad Jarba in New York City came as the United Nations announced more than 100,000 people have been killed in the Syrian conflict.