 As Israel's top housing official announced Sunday the details of plans to build new settlements on disputed territory, critics warned that the construction could derail upcoming Israeli-Palestinian peace talks. Opposition Israeli politicians sharply criticized the announcement, which comes days before Israeli and Palestinian negotiators are set to resume long-stalled direct talks on Wednesday. "(Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin) Netanyahu has to decide which government he is heading, a government that is trying to reach a peace agreement or a government that is trying to undermine all possibilities of this agreement," said Shelly Yachimovich, head of the Labor Party and the Israeli opposition. New Israel settlement plan casts shadow on talks She described the plans for fresh construction as a "'finger in the eye' of the United States, Europe, the Palestinians and the majority of the Israeli people that are seeking peace."  The long-awaited peace talks between Israelis and Palestinians resumed Wednesday evening in Jerusalem, a senior Palestinian official told CNN --  three years after the last direct negotiations stalled over the issue of settlements in disputed territory. As a gesture of goodwill, Israel began releasing more than two dozen Palestinian prisoners late Tuesday on the eve of new peace talks that have been complicated by Israeli plans for new housing in East Jerusalem. Some of the Palestinians had been held for more than 20 years. But as the vans rolled away, a group of demonstrators waved signs condemning the release, complaining that the prisoners had Israeli blood on their hands.  Israeli and Palestinian negotiators are preparing to resume long-stalled direct talks on Wednesday, but news of Israeli plans for more than 1,000 new settlement units on disputed territory has cast their success into doubt. The two sides agreed to return to the negotiating table following intense diplomatic efforts by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry on a visit to the region last month. But the news that Israeli authorities have given preliminary approval for new settlements in the West Bank and Jerusalem -- considered illegal under international law -- has angered senior Palestinian figures and prompted condemnation from Israel's Western allies. Mark Regev, an Israeli government spokesman, told CNN that the announcement was a "preliminary procedure decision" and that additional decisions would be needed before any construction could start.