 "I'm sorry." With those simple words, Hillary Clinton, who thought she would wake up Wednesday as the first woman president-elect but crashed to a stunning election defeat to Donald Trump, ended her White House quest and likely her political career. The Democratic nominee unequivocally conceded the presidential race, and said that the Constitution requires a peaceful transfer of power. "Last night, I congratulated Donald Trump and offered to work with him on behalf of our country.  The top House Democrat directly blamed FBI Director James Comey on Tuesday for damaging the party's chances to retake control of the House, calling his letter about the Clinton email investigation days before the election "like a Molotov cocktail." "He became the leading Republican political operative in the country -- wittingly or unwittingly," House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said of Comey's move to publicly inform Congress in a letter that the FBI was reviewing new emails that could be pertinent to the bureau's probe of Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server. On Sunday, Comey said they'd reviewed the emails and wouldn't change their earlier recommendation reached this summer against criminal charges for Clinton, but Democratic leaders said Tuesday it remains to be seen if the damage was already done. Pelosi told reporters at the Democratic National Committee's headquarters that Democrats' ability to win back the majority of the House depended on Clinton performing well in the final stretch of the campaign, but said "when her numbers narrowed so did that prospect for the House and for the Senate."  Ed Rendell, the former governor of Pennsylvania and former Democratic National Committee chairman, said Wednesday that "this was not the time" defeated Democratic nominee HIllary Clinton should have run for president. "Hillary Clinton, this was not the time she should've run for president," Rendell said on the "Rich Zeoli Show" on 1210 WPHT Philadelphia radio. "Probably 2008 would've been a better time for her to run for president. But it's just right time, right place.