 The attorney for the 29-year-old Russian woman accused of trying to win influence in American political circles as a secret agent for her home country pushed back on the US government portrayal of his client as a spy in an interview televised on CNN. Speaking Friday evening with Anderson Cooper on "Anderson Cooper 360," Robert Driscoll, the attorney for Maria Butina, challenged several of the points made by prosecutors in court filings and a hearing this week in DC federal court, offering instead an image of an ambitious graduate student. Butina is accused of using sex and lying on official paperwork to build a network into political organizations including the National Rifle Association in the months leading up to the 2016 election. She's pleaded not guilty to charges of conspiracy and acting as a foreign agent.  The list of allegations against Maria Butina reads like a plot from an international crime thriller. But this is real life, and the 29-year-old Russian is accused of acting as a foreign agent in the United States and allegedly using sex and deception to build her network of influential international connections. But who is Butina and how did she get access to US politicians before she was charged this week as a Russian agent? Hers is a complicated story with a tangled web of allegations spanning two continents, and it's just getting started.  A federal grand jury formally approved a criminal indictment of Maria Butina with two charges, conspiracy and acting as a foreign agent. Butina will appear at a hearing Wednesday in Washington, DC, following the news Monday that the Department of Justice was charging Butina with one charge of conspiracy, but had not yet gone to grand jury. Butina is a Russian national and gun rights activist who was arrested Sunday and is facing criminal charges for acting as a foreign agent in the US. The Russian national stands accused of working with her mentor, Alexander Torshin, to develop "back channel" communication with US politicians, according to an FBI affidavit.