 "Duck Dynasty" star Korie Robertson says she doesn't understand why President Trump didn't speak out sooner and more forcefully against white supremacists after they rallied this month in Charlottesville, Virginia. "It was shocking and scary, the fact that it seemed like he wasn't willing to call them out" after the violence that erupted that day, Robertson said in an interview that aired on CNN Thursday afternoon. The President first denounced "hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides" without mentioning the white supremacists at the event. Two days later he condemned white supremacists, neo-Nazis and the KKK.  With major cities across the country bracing for an unusual wave of far-right rallies in the coming days, local and federal law enforcement officials are concerned about the potential for more violence amid warnings that white supremacist groups were empowered by President Donald Trump's response to the deadly attack in Charlottesville, Virginia, on Saturday. There's evidence to suggest the events in Charlottesville have motivated numerous individuals to join or actively reengage in dark web white supremacist forums. "The chatter therein indicates that many of these actors feel emboldened and reinvigorated by the rallies and the controversial remarks made by President Trump amidst the unrest," according to an analysis by the online datafirm Flashpoint, which tracks and monitors activity on the dark web, a part of the internet that's accessible only by special means. Trump has faced a wave of bipartisan backlash in the wake of a jaw-dropping press conference Tuesday at Trump Tower in which he blamed the violence that led to the killing of counterprotester Heather Heyer in Charlottesville on both sides of the conflict, not solely on the neo-Nazis and white supremacists who instigated the rally.  A controversial rally in San Francisco scheduled for Saturday has been replaced with a news conference, while in nearby Berkeley the organizer of an anti-Marxism rally has requested that no one attend Sunday. Officials from the liberal Bay Area cities had expressed concern that the rallies could attract extremists and spark violent confrontations. Organizers of both events blamed inadequate security measures for their changed plans. The founder of Patriot Prayer, the group behind the "Freedom Rally" planned for Crissy Field Saturday, announced Friday that the event had been called off due to safety concerns.