 First lady Melania Trump is expected to attend a White House event on Monday evening to honor Gold Star families, her spokeswoman, Stephanie Grisham, confirms to CNN. Although the President and Mrs. Trump hosted a similar event last year, the attendance of the first lady at this year's reception will mark the first time she has participated in an official event, either alone or by her husband's side, since May 10 when the first couple greeted freed American prisoners upon their return to Andrews Air Force Base following captivity in North Korea. Four days later, the first lady entered Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland, for what her spokeswoman described as a benign kidney procedure. Trump remained hospitalized for five nights following the procedure, returning to the White House on May 19.  The National Security Council contractor accused of attempted murder and arrested at the White House Tuesday made his first appearance in court Wednesday as questions over how he was able to elude authorities for nearly three weeks mounted. Martese Edwards, 30, waived his right to an extradition hearing at his appearance at DC's Superior Court, and he is expected to be transported to face charges in Maryland in the coming days. He was represented by a court-appointed attorney at the hearing and wore a gray suit, just as he had Tuesday morning when he showed up for work at the White House complex. Police in Prince George's County, Maryland, located less than 10 miles from the capital, allege Edwards shot and critically injured the 26-year-old boyfriend of his ex-girlfriend on May 3.  CNN's Van Jones on Tuesday responded to President Donald Trump's decision to disinvite the Super Bowl champion Philadelphia Eagles from the White House, saying he does not require patriotism lessons from this White House. "I am a ninth generation American, Chris," he said, speaking with CNN anchor Chris Cuomo. "I am the first person in my family that was born with all my rights recognized by this government... I don't need anybody to tell me what this flag means and what it represents."