 President Barack Obama and Republican challenger Mitt Romney step into a more free-wheeling town-hall style debate on Tuesday night, a setting that has given the two coolly intellectual candidates some trouble in the past. Both will have to recalibrate their approaches from their first encounter on Oct. 3, which was won by Romney. "I think Obama assumes he will do better in town hall debates because he has an advantage on empathy," said Emory University political science professor Andra Gillespie, adding that Obama is going to have to "show a little more passion and fire in his belly." Five things to watch for in tonight's debate Romney could be less aggressive, which earned him points in the first debate, and focus more on trying to narrow the likability gap.  After years of trying to win over the Republican party and American people, Mitt Romney spent this week savoring the sudden pleasure of being ahead in public opinion polls, even if only slightly, on the strength of a decisive debate against President Barak Obama. "I just think the American people recognize that the president's policies are not something we can afford for four more years," Romney said. "We just can't afford more of what we've gone through." More: Polls show Romney's post-debate bounce Romney has encountered a lack of enthusiasm within the Republican Party -- and the country as a whole -- since he began campaigning for the presidency nearly six years ago in his first run for the White House.  President Barack Obama and Republican challenger Mitt Romney face off Tuesday in the second of their three debates, this one in a town hall-style setting in which they'll take questions from likely voters. The stakes couldn't be higher: Obama must get his campaign back on track after a poor performance in the first debate that left Democrats demoralized and Obama's lead evaporating both in national polls and those in key battleground states. For Romney, who polls among voters showed won the first debate overwhelmingly, a second strong performance would boost his momentum going into the third debate next Monday and the final two weeks before Election Day. Here are five things to watch for on Tuesday: 1.