Plymouth Rock is the traditional site of disembarkation of William Bradford and the Mayflower Pilgrims who founded Plymouth Colony in December 1620. The Pilgrims did not refer to Plymouth Rock in any of their writings; the first known written reference to the rock dates to 1715 when it was described in the town boundary records as "a great rock." The first documented claim that Plymouth Rock was the landing place of the Pilgrims was made by Elder Thomas Faunce in 1741, 121 years after the Pilgrims arrived in Plymouth. From that time to the present, Plymouth Rock has occupied a prominent spot in American tradition and has been interpreted by later generations as a symbol of both the virtues and the flaws of the first English people who colonized New England.  A Republican lawmaker said Tuesday the Syrian Civil War was at risk of turning into another Auschwitz had the United States not launched a military strike on a Syrian government airbase. "Something had to be done," Rep. Ted Yoho told CNN's Alisyn Camerota on "New Day." "Are we going to sit here and watch another Auschwitz, where millions got killed as the world stood by? This is something we have to bring to an end."  President Donald Trump, consumed by the idea that a world leader would use chemical weapons on his own people, discussed with staffers and close confidantes at his Mar-a-Lago club Friday about the historical and philosophical context for the use of chemical weapons, aides and people who spoke to Trump told CNN. An administration document on the use of chemical weapons since World War I was also part of a briefing provided to the White House around Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's chemical attack, sources with knowledge of the briefing told CNN. The briefing document, one source said, examined "the history of battlefield uses of chemical weapons" that was meant to "demonstrate the declining acceptability of these weapons." The document showed the "trend line of acceptability of use of these weapons" and how they are only used by "the worst outliers."