 An emotional John Boehner spent one of his final days in office saying goodbye to friends and colleagues -- and even bitter adversaries across the Capitol. But behind the scenes, Boehner's allies and fellow Republican leaders were moving aggressively to secure enough votes to pass one of the biggest budget deals the Ohio Republican has cut since becoming speaker nearly five years ago. Ahead of a crucial Wednesday, when Rep. Paul Ryan is expected to be nominated to succeed Boehner as speaker, Republicans were running into a fresh set of problems as they tried to ram through the last-ditch budget deal, with lawmakers from rural states objecting to cuts to the crop insurance program and others balking at the proposal's price tag. In a move that helps supporters of the deal, Ryan himself backed the proposal Wednesday morning, the day after he said the process behind creating the deal "stinks."  House Speaker John Boehner scheduled an election for Republicans to pick his successor on October 28, according to several GOP lawmakers who attended a Wednesday morning party meeting. The decision to set an election date signals that Boehner is confident that Wisconsin Rep. Paul Ryan will agree to run for speaker. Ryan, currently the House Ways and Means Committee chairman, said Tuesday that he was open to running, but only if certain conditions were met. He's seeking the full support of the GOP conference, including important factions of conservatives.  House Speaker Paul Ryan won the speaker's chair with the promise of a "new day" in the House of Representatives -- a reality that means handing more control to the vast majority of Republicans elected since 2010 who long chafed at former Speaker John Boehner's tight grip on power. Ryan bluntly laid out the challenge of moving forward with support from older House Republicans and the new group, who make up almost 60% of the House Republican conference, in his speech Thursday shortly after taking the House gavel. "Let's be frank: The House is broken," Ryan said. "We are not solving problems.