The next to last entry, "Oberyon," shifts the focus from demons to fairies. After the eighty-one demons, the book details Mycob (wife of Oberyon) and their seven daughters. It then repeats the four kings of the air, listing twelve demons under each of them. After this, it begins describing the spirits of the days of the week and the incenses and conjurations needed to summon them, lifting material from The Sworn Book of Honorius and Heinrich Cornelius Agrippa's Three Books of Occult Philosophy. The Seventy-second Spirit in Order is named Andromalius. He is an Earl, Great and Mighty, appearing in the Form of a Man holding a Great Serpent in his Hand. His Office is to bring back both a Thief, and the Goods which be stolen; and to discover all Wickedness, and Underhand Dealing; and to punish all Thieves and other Wicked People and also to discover Treasures that be Hid. He ruleth over 36 Legions of Spirits. In demonology, Amaymon (also Amaimon, or Amoymon) is a Prince of Hell, and, according to some Grimoires, the only one who has power over Asmodai.A curious characteristic of this Spirit is alleged in almost all copies of the Goetia in English, to wit that during the Evocation of Asmodai to visible appearance, the Exorcist must stand upright with his Cap or Headdress removed in a show of respect; for if he does not it is Amaymon who will deceive him and doom all his work. According to Joseph H. Peterson, editor of "The Lesser Key of Solomon" (Weiser 2001) this is a "bizarre translation of 'si vero coopertus fuerit'" (Page 21 Footnote 57) by Scot in his "Discoverie of Witchcraft" which contains a translation by Scot of Pseudomonarchia Daemonum by Johannes Weyer. Peterson's edition includes as an appendix, a copy of Weyer's Pseudomonarchia Daemonum in the original Latin where we find  (Page 242) Cum hujus officia exercet exorcista, fit fortis, cautus & in pedibus stans: si vero coopertus fuerit, ut in omnibus detegatur, efficiet: Quod si non fecerit exorcista, ab Amaymone in cunctis decipietur which translates to When the exorcist performs his offices, he should be strong, cautious and standing on his feet: if he will be truly overwhelmed he will bring it about that in all things he is unprotected: But if the exorcist does not, by Amaymon he will be deceived in whole. In the original text by Johannes Weyer, there is nothing about taking off caps or headdresses when evoking Asmodeus.