Macon Mall is a two level, 1.1 million square foot shopping mall located in Macon, Georgia. The mall features Macy's, and Burlington, as its anchor stores, as well as a food court. It has a vacancy rate of over 70% and rising, making it one of the most vacant shopping malls in the Southeastern United States. In 2017-2018, the Ian Potter Centre: NGV Australia staged a major retrospective of Sansom's work, 'Gareth Sansom: Transformer'. Over 130 works were featured in the exhibition, including many ground-breaking pieces that had not been previously seen in public. The exhibition comprised: suites of works on paper; photography; watercolours; collages; and paintings - including many works from the past 15 years. The show was opened by Pulitzer Prize-winning writer, Sebastian Smee, whose essay about the show stated that Sansom had a lack of sentimentality about "our darker natures; for the parts of us that idle along during the day, purring harmlessly beneath the surface of our charming, careful, mildly-anxious social selves, but that intermittently growl, bark or stare inappropriately; that come out at night, and are liable to erupt in spasms of desire, violence and teeth-baring, and are tempted by self-annihilation. Following the decision to suspend Henry, TVNZ continued to air a clip in which Henry referred to Delhi's chief minister Sheila Dikshit during the 2010 Commonwealth Games as "the dipshit woman" and even pronouncing her surname as "Dick Shit" instead of "Dixit", going on to state that "it's so appropriate, because she's Indian, so she'd be dick-in-shit wouldn't she, do you know what I mean? Walking along the street... it's just so funny." New Zealand Indian Central Association president Paul Singh Bains said the fact that TVNZ was still "promoting" the clip on its website showed it had "totally lost the plot" and was insensitive to the offence Henry had caused. Following at least four complaints against the video, TVNZ removed it from the "Video extras" section of their website.