 An audit team sent to the Malcom Randall VA Medical Center in Gainesville, Florida, discovered a list of patients needing follow-up appointments that was kept on paper instead of in the VA's electronic computer system. As a result, the VA's Office of Inspector General has opened an investigation and three members of the Gainesville VA's supervisory staff have been placed on paid leave, pending the outcome of an investigation, VA Sunshine Healthcare Network (VISN 8) spokeswoman Mary Kay Hollingsworth said Monday. The latest allegation comes as the Department of Veterans Affairs defends itself against claims of potentially deadly delays at other facilities nationwide. For six months, CNN has been reporting on delays in medical appointments suffered by veterans across the country and veterans who died or were seriously injured while waiting for appointments and care.  A key whistle-blower in the intensifying scandal over wait times at veterans hospitals took issue on Sunday with an initial internal review that downplayed the number of people who may have died while waiting for care. The comments came as the embattled Veterans Affairs secretary received tepid support from some critics of the department's handling of a chronic problem across many of the VA's care facilities. VA Secretary Eric Shinseki has been at the center of political debate over accountability since CNN began reporting on delays in medical appointments suffered by veterans across the country, including some who died or were seriously injured. The VA requires its hospitals to provide care to patients in a timely manner, typically within 14 to 30 days.  Some veterans injured in combat in Iraq and Afghanistan are being made to wait for months in the Phoenix Veterans Affairs Health Care System despite a national mandate they be given priority access to medical care, a VA doctor told CNN. Dr. Katherine Mitchell, medical director of the Phoenix VA's post-deployment clinic, outlined the allegations in a report that aired Wednesday night on CNN's "AC 360°." She accused the Phoenix VA -- up until at least three weeks ago -- of not following a mandate that the highest priority be given to new or injured veterans for scheduling appointments. Wait lists in Phoenix for veterans injured in combat in Iraq and Afghanistan can be "six months, nine months or longer," Mitchell said.