 President Barack Obama called for a "sustained conversation" surrounding the relationship between police and the communities they serve after a series of meetings with Cabinet members, law enforcement officials, young activists and others on Monday. The meetings follow a week of sometimes violent protests that swept the nation following the decision by a grand jury last Monday not to indict a white police officer in the shooting of an unarmed black teenager in Ferguson, Missouri. Later on Monday, Attorney General Eric Holder, speaking in Atlanta, said the federal investigation of the incident is ongoing. "The Justice Department's investigation into the shooting death of Michael Brown, as well as our investigation into allegations of unconstitutional policing patterns or practices by the Ferguson Police Department, remain ongoing and active," he said.  President Barack Obama on Thursday said that the recent events surrounding the deaths of two black men at the hands of white police officers underscore that "too many Americans feel deep unfairness" with respect to the criminal justice system. "When it comes, as we've seen unfortunately in recent days, to our criminal justice system, too many Americans feel deep unfairness when it comes to the gap between our professed ideals and how the laws are applied on a day to day basis," he said during an address during the White House's College Opportunity Day of Action. The Grand Jury decision not to indict the police officer who killed Eric Garner, an African American father of six, sparked protests throughout New York City and across the nation Wednesday night, just over a week after another acquittal in the death of a black teen at the hands of a white police officer prompted similar unrest across the nation. Obama said he called New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio on Wednesday night to commend him for the way he's handled protests that erupted in the city.  President Barack Obama, responding to concerns over the use of military-style equipment during protests in Ferguson, Missouri over the summer, is asking aides to prepare an executive order that would better track the weapons and gear flowing from the federal government to local police departments around the nation. The order, which he's expected to preview Monday afternoon during a meeting with law enforcement and local government officials, would mandate federal agencies review the way they provide U.S. police with heavy equipment like tanks and aircraft. A report issued by the White House found the vast majority of material coming from the Department of Defense to police departments wasn't military-style: it included office supplies, furniture and tents. But 4% of the Pentagon's output to police departments is military grade, including 92,442 small arms, 5,235 Humvees, 617 mine resistant vehicles and 616 aircraft.