Nick Jr. is an American pay television channel run by Nickelodeon Group, a unit of the ViacomCBS Domestic Media Networks division of ViacomCBS, the channel's ultimate owner headquartered in New York City. It launched on September 28, 2009 as a spin-off of Nickelodeon's long-running preschool programming block of the same name, which had aired since 1988. The channel, which is aimed at children under 6, features a mix of originally-produced programming, and series previously and concurrently aired on the Nick Jr. block and its previous iterations. Some of Nick Jr.'s programming includes series such as Corn & Peg, PAW Patrol, Bubble Guppies, Blaze and the Monster Machines, Shimmer and Shine, and Dora and Friends: Into the City!. Nick Jr. is an American pay television channel run by Nickelodeon Group, a unit of the ViacomCBS Domestic Media Networks division of ViacomCBS, the channel's ultimate owner headquartered in New York City. It launched on September 28, 2009 as a spin-off of Nickelodeon's long-running preschool programming block of the same name, which had aired since 1988. The channel, which is aimed at children under 6, features a mix of originally-produced programming, and series previously and concurrently aired on the Nick Jr. block and its previous iterations. Some of Nick Jr.'s programming includes series such as Corn & Peg, PAW Patrol, Bubble Guppies, Blaze and the Monster Machines, Shimmer and Shine, and Dora and Friends: Into the City!. In 2006, the controversial American animated television comedy program South Park, which had previously depicted Muhammad as a superhero character in the July 4, 2001 episode "Super Best Friends" and has depicted Muhammad in the opening sequence since that episode, attempted to satirize the Danish newspaper incident. In the episode, "Cartoon Wars Part II", they intended to show Muhammad handing a salmon helmet to Peter Griffin, a character from the Fox animated series Family Guy. However, Comedy Central, who airs South Park, rejected the scene, citing concerns of violent protests in the Islamic world. The creators of South Park reacted by instead satirizing Comedy Central's double standard for broadcast acceptability by including a segment of "Cartoon Wars Part II" in which American president George W. Bush and Jesus defecate on the flag of the United States.