 In his speech to Congress Tuesday, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is expected to lobby Congress for tougher sanctions on Iran and appeal for support from the American public in pushing back against a nuclear deal he opposes — but the speech may have just the opposite effect. Netanyahu's detractors and even some supporters are expressing concern that he may have overplayed his hand by going before Congress to oppose President Barack Obama's Iran policy without consulting the White House. READ: Why Netanyahu is confronting the White House The controversy surrounding the address, they warn, may have overshadowed the message and turned potentially friendly Democrats toward the position of their president, who wants to see the deal with Iran go through and opposes further sanctions at this point. Negotiators have until the end of the month to lay out the political framework of a deal.  The White House is extending a decidedly icy welcome to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ahead of his controversial speech to Congress this week. And it has nothing to do with the weather in Washington. Expecting Netanyahu to issue withering criticism of President Barack Obama's moves toward a nuclear deal with Iran, the White House is going on the offense, dispatching two high-profile officials -- U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power and National Security Adviser Susan Rice -- to rebut the prime minister in speeches Monday to AIPAC, the pro-Israel lobby holding its annual conference in Washington.  Secretary of State John Kerry escalated the war of words between the U.S. and Israel on Wednesday, questioning Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's judgment on Iran and using the Iraq war to slam the Israeli leader's record. Kerry's comments come amidst increasing discord between the Obama administration and the Israeli government as the U.S. tries to forge a nuclear deal with Tehran. Netanyahu, in a move that has greatly displeased the White House, is expected to sound the alarm over Iran and negotiations underway in Geneva in an address to Congress next week. READ: Netanyahu says no to Dem meeting: 'Misperception of partisanship' Kerry told a House committee the prime minister "may have a judgment that just may not be correct here."