 A small group of House Democrats from districts won by President Donald Trump met Monday night and discussed a way to avoid the impeachment of the President and censure him instead. They argued that the outcome of an impeachment trial in the Republican-controlled Senate will inevitably lead to an acquittal and that a less severe punishment would increase the chances of building at least some bipartisan support. But the members recognized that censuring Trump was unlikely to galvanize enough Democrats to succeed, according to two sources with knowledge of the meeting. The meeting — on the eve of their party leaders unveiling the articles of impeachment — showed the lengths some House Democrats would be willing to go to avoid the vote expected next week and protect themselves from Republican attacks.  House Democratic leaders announced Tuesday they will bring two articles of impeachment against President Donald Trump, charging him with abuse of power and obstruction of Congress to set in motion the third impeachment of a US president in history. The announcement of impeachment articles marks the culmination of an intense, fast-moving investigation into the President's dealings with Ukraine and represents a historic choice for lawmakers with less than a year before the next election. LIVE UPDATES: Democrats to unveil articles of impeachment The six House Democratic chairs who have led the investigations against the President this year unveiled the impeachment articles on Tuesday morning with House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, and they were formally introduced by House Judiciary Chairman Jerry Nadler. "Today, in service to our duty to the Constitution and to our country, the House Committee on the Judiciary is introducing two articles of impeachment, charging the President of the United States Donald J. Trump with committing high crimes and misdemeanors," Nadler said.  House Democrats plan to move forward with at least two articles of impeachment against President Donald Trump on Tuesday, one on abuse of power and the other obstruction of Congress, according to multiple sources familiar with the matter. Democrats plan to unveil the articles of impeachment Tuesday morning and will begin debate on them in the Judiciary Committee on Thursday, the sources said. Late Monday night, House Democrats announced a news conference for 9 a.m. ET Tuesday on Capitol Hill to share the next steps in the impeachment inquiry.