 The Duchess of Cambridge has been photographed furtively once again: An Italian magazine announced Tuesday it will publish vacation photos of the pregnant royal and her baby bump, despite her objection. The magazine, Chi, said Tuesday that it will print "extraordinary images of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge during their dream holiday in the Caribbean" in the issue coming out Wednesday. "The future mum, now in her fourth month of pregnancy, wears a small bikini that enhances her now visible bump," the magazine said. St. James's Palace -- which represents Catherine, her husband, Prince William, and his brother, Harry -- responded with dismay. The dress along with other items pertaining to the Royal Wedding were exhibited at Buckingham Palace from 23 July 2011 until 3 October 2011. The method of displaying the dress and tiara (on a headless mannequin lit by white lighting) was reported to have been described as "horrid" by the Queen during a private tour of the exhibition with the Duchess of Cambridge in July 2011. A microphone overheard the Queen remarking to the Duchess "It's made to look very creepy" while Catherine responded that it had a "3D effect". The dress helped attract a record number of visitors to Buckingham Palace in the summer months of 2011.  The editor of an Italian magazine that has caused an uproar by publishing vacation photos of a bikini-clad Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, with her baby bump visible accused the international media Wednesday of overreacting. Chi Editor-in-Chief Alfonso Signorini said the photos were not scandalous, do not "wrong the image" of the royal couple and "portray a couple in love in a happy moment while they are walking on the beach." READ: Magazine vows to print pics of pregnant, bikini-clad Duchess of Cambridge The photos were taken on a public beach and bought from an international agency, he said. "We cannot talk about violation of privacy when we publish pictures of public people in a public place, out in the open as it is the case of a beach that is visited by other people," he said.