 Selective androgen receptor modulators, known as SARMs, are pharmaceutical drugs that mimic the effects of testosterone. Not yet approved by the US Food and Drug Administration, these compounds are often marketed to bodybuilders online as "legal steroids" that can help them look leaner and more muscular. Most of the products sold online as SARMs contain either these unapproved substances alone -- sometimes in amounts different from what is specified on the label -- or other unapproved hormones and steroids, according to a study published Tuesday in the medical journal JAMA. "There are serious potential side effects, and there's this wide-held misperception that these compounds are safe," said Dr. Shalender Bhasin, co-author of the new study and director of the research program in men's health at Brigham and Women's Hospital. After his resignation, from his post as Commissioner of the Food and Drugs Administration in December 1969, Dr. Herbert L. Ley, Jr. In an interview to The New York Times, warned the public about the FDA’s inability to safeguard consumers. People were being misled, he believed “The thing that bugs me is that the people think the FDA is protecting them - it isn’t. What the FDA is doing and what the public thinks it’s doing are as different as night and day,” he said. In the case of Vioxx, a pre-approval study indicated that a group taking the drug had four times the risk of heart attacks when compared to another group of patients taking another anti-inflammatory, naproxen. The FDA approval board accepted the manufacturer's argument that this was due to a previously unknown cardioprotective effect of naproxen, rather than a risk of Vioxx, and the drug was approved. In 2005, the results of a randomized, placebo-controlled study showed that Vioxx users suffered a higher rate of heart attacks and other cardiovascular disorders than patients taking no medication at all. The manufacturer, Merck, withdrew the drug after disclosures that it had withheld information about its risks from doctors and patients for over five years, resulting in between 88,000 and 140,000 cases of serious heart disease of which roughly half died.