 Vice President Joe Biden and Republican vice presidential contender Paul Ryan plowed fertile ground in terms of policy and politics during their debate -- now the question is whether the presidential candidates can reap what was sown. Biden aggressively pressed Ryan on Thursday to defend his ticket's positions on everything from Medicare to trimming the nation's debt to the way forward in dealing with Iran. Biden tried to frame the election as a choice between different directions for the country by contending policies of the Mitt Romney-Ryan ticket would hurt the middle class and move the nation backward on social issues, like gay rights and abortion. In doing so, Biden helped set up President Barack Obama to further those arguments during the second presidential debate on Tuesday in New York, political experts say.  Vice President Joe Biden and Rep. Paul Ryan, GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney's running mate, will share the stage in Danville, Kentucky, in their only debate. Biden and Ryan's debate follows the top of the tickets' first of three debates last week, in which Obama turned in a lackluster performance, upstaged by an aggressive and vibrant Romney. Here are five things to watch for on Thursday night: 1. Will Biden go where Obama didn't?  A lively debate between Vice President Joe Biden and Republican rival Rep. Paul Ryan highlighted the differences in the two campaigns last night. Rep. Chris Van Hollen (D-MD), who played Ryan in the vice president’s debate prep, joins “Starting Point” to discuss both the style and substance of Biden’s performance. “All in all this was a great debate for the American people and the choice is clear today,” Van Hollen says. The vice president “did a great job,” he adds, demonstrating his passion for middle class issues while marshaling “the facts to show that the Romney-Ryan plan would be really bad for the middle class.”  Van Hollen dismisses criticism from some journalists that Biden was disrespectful in his facial expressions by laughing and eye-rolling while Ryan spoke.