On 26 January 2012, Chief of Staff of the United States Army General Raymond Odierno announced that two Army heavy infantry brigades would be withdrawn from Europe and inactivated. As the 170th Brigade was one of only two such heavy infantry brigades in Europe at the time, it was believed that it was one of the units slated to be inactivated in the wake of large cuts in the U.S. defense budgetThe 170th Infantry Brigade at Baumholder was deactivated on 9 October 2012.  A new book based on secret documents, private emails, and interviews with more than one hundred key characters is taking a closer look at a key group of military figures like General David Petraeus, John Nagl and H. R. McMaster and their plot to revolutionize the United States military. The book, “The Insurgents: David Petraeus and the Plot to Change the American Way of War,” which was in the works before recent controversy broke regarding Petraeus’ affair with his biographer Paula Broadwell also includes information from interviews with Petraeus himself. This morning the author, who is also a national security columnist for Slate Magazine, Fred Kaplan joins “Starting Point” to discuss his new book and the Petraeus - Broadwell affair. Kaplan says Petraeus and other military leaders who he dubs “The Insurgents” in his book came up in a generation where they had experienced fighting in places like El Salvador, Haiti, Bosnia, Somalia and “saw this was the kind of war” that was to come. Upon the seating of the 1st U.S. Congress on 4 March 1789, legislation to create a military defense force stagnated as they focused on other concerns relevant to setting up the new government. President George Washington went to Congress to remind them of their duty to establish a military twice during this time. Finally, on the last day of the session, 29 September 1789, Congress created the War Department, historic forerunner of the Department of Defense. The War Department handled naval affairs until Congress created the Navy Department in 1798.