 Hillary Clinton says she's "convinced" there was collusion between Russia and members of Donald Trump's team during the 2016 campaign, according to a Monday night interview with USA Today. When asked if she believes that there was collusion by Trump associates with Russians during the campaign, Clinton said: "I'm convinced of it." "I happen to believe in the rule of law and believe in evidence, so I'm not going to go off and make all kinds of outrageous claims," the former Democratic presidential hopeful said. "But if you look at what we've learned since (the election), it's pretty troubling."  Rep. Adam Schiff said Facebook's conclusion that it sold ads to a Russian "troll farm" bolsters the US claim that Russia organized a social media disinformation campaign in the 2016 US election. Schiff, the top Democrat on the House intelligence committee, said in an interview on CNN's "The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer" on Wednesday that the information from Facebook backed up an existing finding that Russia allegedly attempted to meddle in the 2016 election. "We, I think, already knew the Russians were using paid social media trolls to try to influence the election, try to sow discord," Schiff said. "This certainly confirms that finding."  Sen. Mark Warner said Facebook's disclosure that it sold political ads to a Russian troll farm was just the "tip of the iceberg" when it came to election interference on social media. Facebook told congressional investigators Wednesday that it sold about $100,000 in political advertising -- roughly 3,000 ads -- to Russian troll farms from June 2015 to May 2017. But Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee, said that he heard a different story from the social media giant during the 2016 election. "It appeared to me that the very social media sites that we rely on for virtually everything -- our Facebooks, Googles and Twitters -- it was my belief the Russians were using those sites to intervene in our elections," Warner said Thursday, speaking at the Intelligence & National Security Summit in Washington.