 Shortly after former Trump national security adviser Michael Flynn pleaded guilty Friday to lying to the FBI about conversations with Russia's ambassador, former FBI Director James Comey shared a justice-minded verse from the Bible on Twitter and Instagram. "'But let justice roll down like waters and righteousness like an ever-flowing stream,' Amos 5:24," Comey wrote, referring to the Bible's book of Amos. Comey tweeted the same biblical passage in November after President Donald Trump called the former FBI director a "liar." Comey, a United Methodist and one-time Sunday school teacher, said it's his "favorite scripture verse."  Special Counsel Robert Mueller's plea deal Friday with President Donald Trump's former national security adviser signaled that Mueller is closing in on senior officials of the 2016 Trump campaign, heightening the conflict between the two leading players in America's post-election Russia drama. Trump tried to staunch the Russia investigation on multiple fronts. An overriding question is whether the new revelations increase the chances that Trump tries to get rid of Mueller, as he did last May when he sacked FBI Director James Comey, who first led the investigation into possible Trump campaign ties to Russian interference in the election. Or would the President attempt to get ahead of Mueller by pardoning associates, including former Trump national security adviser Michael Flynn, who on Friday pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about conversations with Russia's ambassador and disclosed he is cooperating with Mueller.  President Donald Trump's tweet on Saturday about firing Michael Flynn from his position as national security adviser is garnering a lot of attention from critics -- with some calling it a possible admission of obstruction of justice. Trump tweeted about Flynn's Friday guilty plea, in which the former national security adviser said he lied to the FBI about conversations he had with Russian Ambassador to the United States Sergey Kislyak during the transition and disclosed that he is cooperating with special counsel Robert Mueller's office. "I had to fire General Flynn because he lied to the Vice President and the FBI," Trump wrote. "He has pled guilty to those lies.