The song, recorded and released in 1998, peaked at number one in 21 countries worldwide. On January 23, 1999, it reached the Top 40 on the Billboard Hot 100 and reached number one on the chart on March 13, making Cher the oldest female artist (at the age of 52) to perform this feat. Cher also set the record for a solo artist with the longest span of time between number one hits, since "Dark Lady" reached number one in 1974. She also set a mark for longest gap after her first number one song "I Got You Babe" released in 1965 with her then-husband Sonny Bono, and beat the record held by former The Beatles' lead guitarist, George Harrison, who first hit the top of the charts in 1964 with The Beatles' "I Want to Hold Your Hand", and almost 24 years later he had his last number-one song, "Got My Mind Set on You". Taylor said about the effect that "this was the most nerve-wracking part of the project, because I wasn't sure what Cher would say when she heard what I'd done to her voice", but that when she heard it she said, "It sounds great." When her record company requested that the effect be removed, she responded, "Over my dead body!" After the success of the song, use of Auto-Tune in order to produce a distorted vocal effect became very popular and many other artists imitated the technique, which would eventually become known as the "Cher effect" in the official Auto-Tune manual. The official music video for "Believe", directed by Nigel Dick, features Cher in a nightclub in a double role as a singer on stage while wearing a glowing headdress and as a supernatural being in a cage (with auto-tuned voice) surrounded by many people to whom she is giving advice. The video largely revolves around a woman who is in the club looking for her boyfriend and is heartbroken when she sees him with another woman. The version on The Very Best of Cher: The Video Hits Collection is slightly different from the previous version (the version that is also included on the Mallay Believe Bonus VCD) with additional scenes towards the end that were not in the original video. There are also two 'rough' versions of the video as the song was released in the UK and Europe before a video was completed.