Jimmy executes several actions designed to trick Irene into accepting the settlement, but feels remorse when her friends ostracize her. When he attempts to confess, her friends believe he is covering for her, so he arranges for them to overhear him bragging about tricking them on a hot mike, vindicating Irene and restoring her friendships, but costing him his share of the proposed settlement. Kim takes on a second client in order to generate the income necessary to keep the office, but falls asleep at the wheel while driving to a meeting and breaks her arm. Jimmy and Kim close the office and Kim runs her practice from her apartment. The season premieres of Better Call Saul open with black-and-white flash forwards that take place after Breaking Bad, showing that after leaving Albuquerque, Saul relocates to Omaha, Nebraska under the alias Gene Takavic, keeping a low profile as a manager of a Cinnabon store. These scenes show him reminiscing about his past success in private, but wary of anyone finding out about his previous life in Albuquerque. However, when called out by a taxi driver that used to live in Albuquerque that recognizes him as Saul, Saul calls up Ed to request another relocation, but then decides mid-call to face the situation himself. Once Breaking Bad was completed, Gilligan and Gould worked to established what the spinoff series would be about, ultimately coming onto the idea of a prequel named Better Call Saul that would feature Jimmy McGill and how he would become Saul Goodman. The showrunners realized that Saul was, as seen in Breaking Bad, "comfortable in his own skin" and had nowhere else to go, that they could instead explore how Saul got to that point, mirroring the same type of self-destruction that occurred to Walter White in Breaking Bad. They saw Jimmy as an "earnest, sweet guy whose brain naturally cooks up dishonest solutions to the challenges in front of him", where by the time of Breaking Bad, Saul is a "front" for one who "seemed to enjoy being a showy cheeseball", and a "hermetically sealed slickster". Rhea Seehorn, who plays Kim Wexler, Jimmy's romantic interest in Better Call Saul, said that one aspect of Jimmy she incorporated into her acting was the spontaneity of Jimmy slipping into and out of the Saul Goodman character, or as Gould had described to her, "right there at the moment", a factor that for Kim and other associates of Jimmy can cause confusion and concern.