Following Chicken Fries' discontinuation, there was a call for the product's reinstatement from fans of the product on forums such as Reddit; Business Insider noted that they are one of the 17 most requested fast products that people would like to see returned to menus. Fans of the product also established several social media accounts dedicated to Chicken Fries' return on Facebook, Twitter, and Tumblr. Additionally, a Change.org petition was created that called on Burger King to reinstate the product to its menu. Perez Hilton's web site declared that Chicken Fries are one product of many that will never come back, while comedian Daniel Tosh featured a skit during one of the segments of his show, Tosh.0, to the product's return. After the end of the promotional period, Burger King received numerous complaints from fans of Chicken Fries through social media sites such as Twitter and Facebook. One of the major ways the company responded was through personalized responses to these posts. Instead of using an automated response that would paste a standardized message on people's Twitter feeds, the company instead employed several staff to personally respond to customers voicing displeasure on the LTO nature of the 2014 introduction. The entire 2014 Chicken Fries promotion represented a major shift in the attitude towards advertising for Burger King, moving from a more traditional advertising structure to one focused almost entirely on digitally-based media. A 2007 advertising program for the spicy version of the Chick'n Crisp used the Whoppers, a "family" in which all the males are actors wearing a Whopper sandwich costume. In the ad spot, the parents come home and find that their son is having a party, when confronted the son blames his friend "Spicy." When the father confronts Spicy, he finds Spicy making out with the Whopper's daughter. Further ads in the program uses featured Whopper Jr. and Spicy antagonizing other fast food chains, proclaiming that Burger King has a superior value menu.