In July 2015, the Annals of Internal Medicine published an independent cost-analysis of the American Board of Internal Medicine's Maintenance of Certification program. Using simulation modeling of the entire American Board of Internal Medicine-certified workforce of US physicians, researchers from the University of California San Francisco and Stanford University estimated that the Feb 2015 version of American Board of Internal Medicine Maintenance of Certification would cost $5.7 billion over ten years, including $561 million in American Board of Internal Medicine's fees and $5.1 billion in time costs (arising from 32.7 million physician hours spent completing Maintenance of Certification requirements). Internists will incur an average of $23,607 (95% CI, $5,380 to $66,383) in Maintenance of Certification costs over 10 years, ranging from $16,725 for general internists to $40,495 for hematologists-oncologists. The authors concluded that "A rigorous evaluation of its effect on clinical and economic outcomes is warranted to balance potential gains in health care quality and efficiency against the high costs identified in this study." On February 3, 2015, the American Board of Internal Medicine announced more changes to the Maintenance of Certification program. In a press release, the American Board of Internal Medicine apologized that it had "clearly got it wrong", and it admitted that the program changes in January 2014 were instituted prematurely. The American Board of Internal Medicine has suspended the Patient Survey and Patient Safety components for at least two years, and it will make changes to the secure exam to make it more reflective of medical practice among others. The final form of Maintenance of Certification remains to be seen. A Journal of General Internal Medicine study, published in 2010, investigated medical errors from 1979 to 2006 in United States hospitals and found that medication errors increased 10% during the month of July at teaching hospitals, but not in neighboring hospitals. Surgical errors did not increase, leading to the hypothesis that medication errors are easier for new personnel to make because they are prescribing drugs on their own, rather than being cross-checked by others. The study did not have sufficient data to link the increased errors to new residents, however, and further study would need to be done in order to determine the sources of this increase. A criticism of the study suggests that the supervision of new residents and the patient loads at teaching hospitals have improved since 1979 and that the results may be skewed by including much older data.