 Sen. Elizabeth Warren said Wednesday that Congress' immediate priorities should be avoiding a constitutional crisis and protecting special counsel Robert Mueller, not impeaching President Donald Trump. "What Congress needs to do right now is we need to make sure that special (counsel) Mueller is fully protected from being fired by Donald Trump," the Massachusetts Democrat told CNN's John Berman on "New Day," one day after Trump's former campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, was convicted on eight counts of financial crimes, while ex-Trump lawyer and fixer Michael Cohen pleaded guilty to eight criminal counts, including tax fraud and campaign finance violations. When he plead guilty, Cohen implicated Trump himself, admitting that "in coordination and at the direction of a candidate for federal office," he kept information that would have harmed Trump from becoming public during the 2016 election cycle. Warren didn't call for Congress to take immediate action against Trump, instead suggesting Congress wait until Mueller's probe into Russian meddling in the 2016 election concludes.  President Donald Trump and his lawyer Rudy Giuliani have talked about the potential political repercussions of pardoning former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort, The New York Times reported Wednesday. Giuliani told the Times that pardoning Manafort, who on Tuesday was found guilty on eight of 18 financial crimes, was not something the President was considering. However, the paper reported that Giuliani said in an interview that Trump thought Manafort had not been treated well. "Yesterday's plea and Manafort's conviction, none of it had to do with collusion, none of it has to do with obstruction," Giuliani said, according to The New York Times.  Our live coverage has ended. Scroll through the posts below to see how President Trump's rally in West Virginia played out. President Trump talked about immigration, the upcoming midterm elections and special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation at tonight's rally in West Virginia, but he never once mentioned Paul Manafort and Michael Cohen. Why this matters: Manafort, Trump's former campaign chairman, was found guilty today on eight counts of financial crimes.