 A lawsuit filed by the National Rifle Association says the gun advocacy organization will have to close its headquarters, shut down its online media presence and stop holding rallies and conventions if it is stymied by New York state from doing business with banks and insurers. The NRA suit, filed in May and amended in July, says New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo is trying illegally to coerce financial companies into halting business relations with the group. "Far from protected government speech, defendants' actions constitute an 'implied threat to employ coercive state power' against entities doing business with the NRA," the lawsuit says, employing a quote from a 2003 free speech case.  In a lawsuit against Governor Andrew Cuomo and the state of New York, the National Rifle Association says it will have to close its headquarters, shut down its online media presence and stop holding rallies and conventions if it is stymied by the state from doing business with banks and insurers:  Cuomo's response: "Too bad." The Democrat told CNN's "New Day" on Monday that the NRA is suing him because the gun-rights organization is upset about lost revenue. "Too bad. You violated the law, and it's not a defense to say, 'Well, I was committing illegal activity, but I was making money from it, and now I'm upset that I lost the revenue,'" he told CNN's John Berman. The National Rifle Association of America (NRA) is a gun rights advocacy group based in the United States. Founded in 1871, the group has informed its members about firearm-related legislation since 1934, and it has directly lobbied for and against firearms legislation since 1975.Founded to advance rifle marksmanship, the modern NRA continues to teach firearm safety and competency. The organization also publishes several magazines, and sponsors competitive marksmanship events. According to the NRA, it had nearly 5 million members as of December 2018, though that figure has not been independently confirmed.Observers and lawmakers see the NRA as one of the three most influential lobbying groups in Washington, D.C.