 The legal battle over the detention of a US citizen accused of fighting for ISIS entered a significant new phase Friday as his attorneys submitted a filing that experts say could set up a showdown over the legal underpinning of today's war on terror. The case of the unnamed American held as an enemy combatant in US military custody in Iraq has moved quietly over a series of procedural hurdles since he was turned over to US forces by an American-backed militia in Syria last September. Judge says Pentagon must give notice if planning to transfer US detainee it alleges fought for ISIS Now, after successfully inserting itself as a representative for "John Doe" and securing an order from a DC federal judge that would prevent his immediate transfer to a third country, the American Civil Liberties Union argued Friday that the US government acted illegally by detaining the man, potentially setting up a major test of the controversial post-9/11 Authorization for Use of Military Force. "For nearly five months, the government has been detaining an American citizen without charge or trial, based on legal theories that no court has ever endorsed," the ACLU wrote in its filing.  The Trump administration attempted to restart a dialogue in December with Iranian officials on American prisoners being held in Iran, two senior State Department officials tell CNN. When Undersecretary of State Tom Shannon was in Vienna for talks on the nuclear deal with Iran, he raised the issue of releasing Iranian-American Baquer Namazi, who was in poor health, as well as the issue of trying to restart a dialogue on other American prisoners, the officials said. Iran gave Namazi a four-day release but has not responded to the offer to hold talks on the prisoners, the officials said. CNN previously reported that Shannon raised the health of Namazi at the Vienna meeting. The United States of America (USA), commonly known as the United States (U.S. or US) or America, is a country comprising 50 states, a federal district, five major self-governing territories, and various possessions. At 3.8 million square miles (9.8 million km2), it is the world's third or fourth-largest country by total area and is slightly smaller than the entire continent of Europe. Most of the country is located in central North America between Canada and Mexico. With an estimated population of over 328 million, the U.S. is the third most populous country.