 Ben Carson is the only invited Republican presidential candidate not planning to attend the upcoming high-profile conference hosted by a group led by Sheldon Adelson, a Republican source said Wednesday, missing a top opportunity to win over some of the biggest donors in the Republican money race. The Republican Jewish Coalition's winter forum in early December is expected to feature nearly every GOP hopeful except Carson, a Republican close the organization said. The retired neurosurgeon has surged to the top of early-state and national polls, but has recently found himself defending a series of controversial comments, including one recently in which he suggested that the Holocaust could have been lessened if citizens had been armed. Adelson, a Las Vegas casino magnate, gave more money to Republican groups than any other donor in 2012 and is one of the most sought-after givers for the 2016 cycle. On March 11, 2016, a week after Carson ended his presidential campaign, he endorsed Trump, calling him part of "the voice of the people to be heard". Carson's subsequent comments that Americans would have to sustain Trump for only four years if he was not a good president drew criticism and he admitted that he would have preferred another candidate, though thought Trump had the best chance of winning the general election. On the other hand, at the press conference Carson said Trump had a "cerebral" side.  A recent string of public gaffes by presidential candidate Ben Carson might be the kind of temporary run of bad luck that can happen to anybody. Or they might signal a more fundamental problem that could sink his campaign. Eyebrow-raising comments have been streaming from the retired neurosurgeon in recent weeks. He told a CBS News reporter in a show that aired Sunday that the world is near the end of days, an apocalyptic disaster that would make any presidential policies or actions irrelevant, to say the least (it bookends an earlier comment by Carson that he believes the universe was literally created over the course of six 24-hour days).