 South Bend Mayor Pete Buttigieg brushed off anti-gay chants from a small number of out-of-state hecklers who interrupted his two Iowa events on Tuesday. At one event, the hecklers invoked the biblical cities of Sodom and Gomorrah, which were destroyed because of the sexual behavior of the residents who lived there. Buttigieg is gay and has talked openly about his Episcopalian faith. The Democratic presidential candidate sought to dispatch the disruptions without attacking the demonstrators, but did acknowledge the disturbances and, at one point, the fact that the men had the right to voice their opinion.  South Bend Mayor Pete Buttigieg said Monday in New York that he is aware of the lack of diversity at some of his presidential campaign events, including the fundraiser he was headlining, adding that he was "very intent" on fixing it. The question from a voter gets to a key question about the Buttigieg campaign: Can the South Bend mayor win over African-American voters who make up a key -- if not the key -- demographic in the Democratic primary? "I could talk 'til I'm blue in the face how about how important it is that our campaign, our base of supporters and future administration reflect this country," Buttigieg said in response to a question about the "crowd ... lacking in diversity." "The honest answer to that question is I need your help.  CNN's town hall Monday night in New Hampshire was the clearest sign yet that South Bend Mayor Pete Buttigieg is a candidate who's still catching up to his own popularity. Mere hours before Buttigieg took the stage on Monday, a new Granite State Poll from the University of New Hampshire showed that support for Buttigieg had jumped 14 points, launching him into top tier of candidates in the first-in-the-nation primary state. Yet during the event, CNN's Anderson Cooper pointed out that, unlike most of his fellow Democratic presidential candidates, Buttigieg still didn't have any policy details laid out on his campaign website. The mayor responded that while policy is important, Democrats need to communicate their values without drowning voters in "minutia."