 Sikhs and their supporters in the United States and India reacted with sorrow, disbelief and anger Sunday to news of a shooting at a temple in Wisconsin that left at least seven people, including the suspected gunman, dead. Here's some what they said: -- The Sikh Coalition The Sikh Coalition, which describes itself as the largest Sikh American civil rights organization in the United States, has started an emergency response. "The Sikh Coalition's thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the shooting, the Sikh community of Milwaukee, and the larger community of Wisconsin, which we know will stand with their Sikh neighbors with their support and prayers during this very trying time," said Sapreet Kaur, the group's executive director. "There have been multiple hate crime shootings within the Sikh community in recent years and the natural impulse of our community is to unfortunately assume the same in this case.  By the CNN Wire Staff Oak Creek, Wisconsin (CNN) -- An Army veteran who neighbors say played in a far-right punk band was the lone shooter in the rampage at a Sikh temple in Wisconsin that killed six people and wounded four, according to information Monday from law enforcement authorities. Wade Michael Page, 40, was shot to death by police responding to the Sunday morning attack in the Milwaukee suburb of Oak Creek, the community's chief of police told reporters. It was the latest violence against the Sikh community in the United States in apparent misdirected revenge for the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. Read the full post  Although the motive for yesterday's shooting at a Sikh temple in Oak Creek, Wisconsin remains unclear, authorities have named the suspected shooter as Wade Michael Page, an Army veteran who may have been a white supremacist, according to information from authorities and neighbors. The shooting has drawn attention to the Sikh community, and on Starting Point this morning, chairman of the board of trustees for the Sikh Coalition Narinder Singh sits down to try to clarify common misconceptions about the religion. "The religion focuses on the core beliefs of living an honest life in society, giving back to those less fortunate and remembering and living in the service of God," Singh explains. "There's also a focus on equality and making sure that we fight for the justice of everyone, not just Sikhs.