 House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said Wednesday that FBI Director James Comey is perhaps "not in the right job" given how he has handled the investigation into Hillary Clinton's email use. Pelosi declined to say in an interview with CNN's Jamie Gangel that Comey should resign or be removed, but did not rule it out in the future. "Maybe he's not in the right job," Pelosi said. "I think that we have to just get through this election and just see what the casualties are along the way."  Hillary Clinton told donors in a conference call Saturday that FBI Director James Comey delivered a double whammy to her candidacy in the final days of the campaign by taking another look at emails related to Clinton's private server before abruptly saying he found no wrongdoing. A member of her national finance committee who was on the call told CNN that Clinton placed at least some of the blame on Comey for her stunning defeat to Donald Trump. She said the first letter from Comey, sent to Congress on October 28, stopped the momentum she had built after three debates and the release of Trump's "Access Hollywood" tape. She said the second letter, which came nine days later and exonerated Clinton, simply fired up Trump supporters and didn't put any on-the-fence voters who had been leaning her way at ease. On October 26, 2016, two weeks before the presidential election, Comey learned that FBI agents investigating an unrelated case involving former Congressman Anthony Weiner had discovered emails on Weiner's computer between his wife, Huma Abedin, and Hillary Clinton. Claiming he believed it would take months to review Weiner's emails, Comey decided he had to inform Congress that the investigation was being reopened due to new information. Justice Department lawyers warned him that giving out public information about an investigation was inconsistent with department policy, but he considered the policy to be "guidance" rather than an ironclad rule. He decided that to not reveal the new information would be misleading to Congress and the public.