The United States Director of National Intelligence (DNI) is the United States government Cabinet-level official required by the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 to:serve as head of the seventeen-member United States Intelligence Communitydirect and oversee the National Intelligence Programserve as an advisor, upon invitation, to the president of the United States and his executive offices of the National Security Council and the Homeland Security Council about intelligence matters related to national securityThe director produces the President's Daily Brief (PDB), a top-secret  document including intelligence from all the various agencies, given each morning to the president of the United States. The PDB is seen by the president and other authorized individuals. On July 30, 2008, President George W. Bush issued Executive Order 13470, amending Executive Order 12333 to strengthen the DNI's role. Further, by Presidential Policy Directive 19 signed by Barack Obama in October 2012, the DNI was given overall responsibility for Intelligence Community whistleblowing and source protection. Until April 2005, the DCI was often referred to colloquially as the "CIA Director," even though he was head of both the CIA and the broader Intelligence Community. After the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks on the United States and the subsequent investigation by the 9/11 Commission, a movement grew to re-organize the Intelligence Community. That movement prompted the passage of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act in December 2004, which split the DCI's duties among two new offices. The Office of the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) would serve as head of the Intelligence Community and advise the NSC on intelligence matters. The Director of Central Intelligence (DCI) was the head of the American Central Intelligence Agency from 1946 to 2005, acting as the principal intelligence advisor to the President of the United States and the United States National Security Council, as well as the coordinator of intelligence activities among and between the various U.S. intelligence agencies (collectively known as the Intelligence Community from 1981 onwards).