 While the rest of his senior staff scrambled to squeeze votes for President Trump's flailing health care package, one person remained notably absent for most of the week: Jared Kushner. Along with this wife, Ivanka Trump, another key cog in the president's inner circle, Kushner was on vacation until Thursday, skiing with family in the posh Colorado town of Aspen. Paparazzi caught Jared and Ivanka taking leisurely strolls, enjoying ice cream cones with their three kids and winding their way down the slopes. Meanwhile, back in Washington, Trump was fuming.  An exasperated Sean Spicer on Tuesday colorfully downplayed questions about ties between President Donald Trump's associates and Russia, portraying a frenzied attempt to find connections where they don't exist. "If the President puts Russian salad dressing on his salad tonight, somehow that's a Russia connection," the White House spokesman insisted during a contentious exchange with reporters. He said every official that's been briefed on the matter has said there's no sign of "collusion" between the Trump campaign and Russia. "At some point ... you're going to have to take 'no' for an answer," he said, at one point during his answer telling a reporter to quit shaking her head.  The leaders of the Senate Russia investigation ticked through numbers, figures, details and procedure for close to 40 minutes Wednesday afternoon, but it all boiled down to one message: After all the drama with the House and GOP Rep. Devin Nunes, the adults are now in charge. Senate Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr and Sen. Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the committee, were laughing, smiling and generally collegial as they held a joint news conference Wednesday. Meanwhile, on the other side of the Capitol, the House investigation is in suspended animation -- House Intelligence Chairman Nunes is under fire for meeting with an intelligence source at the White House and subsequently meeting with President Donald Trump the next day. Top House Democrats have called on Nunes to recuse himself from the investigation.