 Yemen's Houthi rebels have attacked Saudi Arabia's oil facilities with drones, the Houthi-run Al-Masirah news agency said Saturday. A Yemen armed forces spokesman was quoted by the agency as saying the Houthis successfully carried out a "large-scale" operation with 10 drones targeting Saudi Aramco oil facilities in Abqaiq and Khurais. But preliminary indications are that the attacks Saturday that disrupted about half of the kingdom's oil capacity did not originate from Yemen and likely originated from Iraq, according to a source with knowledge of the incident. The same official said the damage was caused by an armed drone attack.  Secretary of State Mike Pompeo pinned the blame on Iran for an attack at a Saudi oil field in a pair of tweets Saturday. Drone strikes on crucial Saudi Arabian oil facilities have disrupted about half of the kingdom's oil capacity, or 5% of the daily global oil supply, CNN Business reported earlier Saturday. Yemen's Houthi rebels took responsibility for the attacks but they are often backed by Iran. But preliminary indications are that the attacks did not originate from Yemen and likely originated from Iraq, according to a source with knowledge of the incident.  A few days after the Abqaiq and the Khurais oil facilities in Saudi Arabia were attacked, members of Congress sought information about the culprit and debated whether US military action would be necessary. Vice President Mike Pence told a group of Republican senators at lunch Tuesday in the Capitol that the US goal is to "restore deterrence" after the attacks, which caused oil prices to fluctuate, but he did not suggest any specific retaliatory measures, according to Sen. Lindsey Graham. "He said that the goal was to 'restore deterrence' and he left it at that," said the South Carolina Republican. White House deputy press secretary Hogan Gidley told reporters that the Trump administration "can't say definitively" that Iran was behind the attacks, but that "in all likelihood" it was.