Construction on Echelon Place began on June 19, 2007 with plans to open in 2010, but was suspended a little over one year later, on August 1, 2008. At the time, Boyd Gaming officials cited "the difficult environment in today's capital markets, as well as weak economic conditions," and estimated construction would resume in three to four quarters. As the global recession deepened, the suspension continued; in October 2009, the company said it would likely be three to five years before development resumed. However, in March 2013, Boyd sold the Echelon site for $350 million to the Genting Group, a Malaysia-based gaming company to develop the site as Resorts World Las Vegas. The total revenue (gaming and non-gaming) for the 32 casinos was $1248 million. Individual revenues for casinos is difficult to know with certainty since many companies are private and do not report revenue, or they are public, but only report revenue for groups of casinos. From the NGC abstract we know that the top eight casinos collectively took in between $858 million and $1147 million with an individual minimum of $37 million. From the square footage of the casino floor, number of machines and gaming tables, general quality of the resort and an SEC report that said that Arizona Charlie's Boulder took in $48m in revenue in one year, one can assume that the top eight are the first eight in the above list. In 1984, after leveling a $3 million fine against the Stardust for skimming, the Nevada Gaming Commission asked to Boyds to run the property's gaming operations. When the Stardust was taken over by the reputable Boyd family, they were surprised by its huge profits, now that every penny of income was being recorded. Ex-FBI agent William F. Roemer Jr., longtime senior agent of the FBI's organized-crime squad in Chicago and an expert in Las Vegas doings, said, "The amount of skim had been so heavy that the profit and loss statement did not present a true picture of the gold mine that the Stardust was." After several years of successful operations, Boyd Gaming officially acquired the Stardust and Fremont in 1985.