 In an election cycle full of surprises -- and unprecedented dissatisfaction with the major party candidates -- voters got a look at a couple of fresh faces Wednesday night in a town hall event live on CNN. Libertarian presidential nominee Gary Johnson, flanked by his running mate Bill Weld, used the opportunity to introduce himself to voters and slam the existing Washington order. "The two-party system is a two-party dinosaur, and they're about to come in contact with the comet here," Johnson told CNN's Chris Cuomo. Weld, a former Massachusetts Republican governor who once worked in President Ronald Reagan's Justice Department and wanted to serve as an ambassador in the Clinton administration, said "that duopoly down there in Washington is not getting a lot done."  Donald Trump sought to reassure jittery donors at a private fundraiser in New York City Tuesday night, in part by vowing to spend whatever it takes of his own fortune to win the White House. The high-dollar event at Le Cirque restaurant in midtown Manhattan came at a moment of turmoil for Trump, as the presumptive GOP presidential nominee has battled weeks of unflattering headlines and devastating fundraising numbers released Monday. Trump used the gathering Tuesday to remind supporters and top GOP donors that he had repeatedly defied expectations throughout the primary season and expressed confidence that he will once against outperform his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, two individuals present at the fundraiser told CNN on the condition of anonymity. Trump said he took pride in having won the Republican primary on a shoestring budget and minimal staff, as he contrasted his primary resources to Clinton's robust operation.  Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus has been quietly having conversations with state party leaders to discuss the latest push by convention delegates to nominate anyone other than Donald Trump. Priebus has spoken with GOP party chairmen in multiple states in recent days in part to get a better sense of how large the anti-Trump faction is among their convention delegations, according to two people familiar with the conversations. While Priebus has made clear in these conversations that he is not spearheading the latest push for a coup, his involvement sends a signal that the RNC is taking this effort to dump Trump seriously even as other movements have fizzled. One source said Priebus' ultimate goal is unclear.