 Senators in both parties were considering options Tuesday to push back against President Donald Trump's decision to align himself with Russian President Vladimir Putin at their summit in Helsinki, Finland. As Democrats sense a moment of political vulnerability for the President, Republicans are under pressure to stand by US intelligence findings that Russia meddled in the 2016 election. Hearings and additional sanctions against Russia are being floated amid bipartisan public statements of support for the US intelligence community. Tuesday afternoon, Trump issued a statement of support for the intelligence agencies and said he accepted their findings on Russian election meddling, though he said other actors could be responsible and kept up his defense of the Helsinki meeting Wednesday morning.  Sen. John McCain released a powerful statement Monday criticizing President Donald Trump, calling his news conference with Russian President Vladimir Putin "one of the most disgraceful performances by an American president in memory." The Republican senator from Arizona also called the press conference in Helsinki a "recent low point" in the history of the presidency and called the summit "a tragic mistake". "Today's press conference in Helsinki was one of the most disgraceful performances by an American president in memory," McCain said. "The damage inflicted by President Trump's naiveté, egotism, false equivalence, and sympathy for autocrats is difficult to calculate.  Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer called on Republican colleagues to join in "demanding testimony" from President Donald Trump's national security team present during the Helsinki summit earlier this week, including Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, "immediately." "And very importantly, probably most importantly, our Republican colleagues need to join us in demanding testimony from the President's national security team that was in Helsinki -- and we need to do that immediately," the New York Democrat said from the Senate floor Tuesday. Schumer said the American people need more information on anything Trump promised Russian President Vladimir Putin, following a press conference Monday where Trump appeared to downplay the US intelligence community's assessment that Russia interfered with the last US presidential election and that Trump said Putin was "extremely strong and powerful" in his denial of responsibility. "We need hearings as soon as possible to assess what President Trump might have committed to President Putin in secret," Schumer said.