 Donald Trump will ask Americans Monday to trust him on his new Afghanistan strategy, exercising a president's most somber duty, a decision on waging war, at a time when his own political standing is deeply compromised. Trump will make his first prime-time broadcast on a specific policy issue to the nation as president at 9 p.m. ET to unveil his new plan, and a potential escalation of the nation's longest war, after a lengthy period of deliberations that carved deep splits within his administration. The speech will test the President's capacity to convince Americans that he has settled on the right course of action on a major national security issue, and to unify the nation around it, despite his own depleted approval ratings and behavior that has alienated many voters in his first seven months in office.  A majority of Americans say they disapprove of President Donald Trump's handling of the situation in Charlottesville, Virginia, and believe his policies have done more to encourage racial division than racial unity, according to a new poll released Thursday. A CBS News survey found the majority of Americans polled (55%) said they disapproved of the President's response to the deadly violence that occurred at a white supremacist rally over the weekend, while most Republicans approved (67%). Just 10% of Democrats said they approved. Interviewing for this poll began the night before Trump's stunning news conference on Tuesday and continued for two nights after it.  About half of Americans (51%) have plans to watch the eclipse of the sun happening across the United States on August 21, according to a CNN poll conducted by SSRS. That figure climbs to 60% among those who live in states touched by the "zone of totality," where the moon will completely block the sun's light in the middle of Monday's solar spectacle. The survey was conducted in early August, and among those who already had plans in place, most said they were not going to travel for a better view. About four in 10 said their eclipse plans were to stay put, while 8% said they had made travel plans to view the "Eclipse of the Century."