 Congressional leaders honored the late Rep. Elijah Cummings on Thursday as his body laid in state in National Statuary Hall in the US Capitol. Cummings, a longtime Maryland Democrat and key figure leading investigations into President Donald Trump, died last week at the age of 68. The congressman's death prompted an outpouring of grief from lawmakers on both sides of the aisle. Cummings appears to be the first African American and African American lawmaker to lie in state in the US Capitol, according to congressional historians.  The body of Rep. Elijah Cummings will lie in state in the National Statuary Hall of the US Capitol next week, the office of House Speaker Nancy Pelosi announced Friday. A formal memorial service for the Maryland Democrat is scheduled for Thursday morning, also in Statuary Hall, for all members of Congress, Cummings' family and invited guests. The service will be followed by a public viewing. Cummings, a key figure leading investigations into President Donald Trump, died Thursday morning at age 68.  Roughly two-dozen House Republicans on Wednesday stormed a closed-door deposition in secure House Intelligence Committee spaces to rail against the Democratic-led impeachment inquiry, a political stunt ratcheting up the GOP complaints about the process that delayed Wednesday's scheduled deposition for five hours. The conservative lawmakers, led by Republican Rep. Matt Gaetz of Florida, barged into the deposition and demanded they be allowed to see the closed-door proceedings where members of three committees planned to interview Deputy Assistant Defense Secretary Laura Cooper as part of the impeachment probe into President Donald Trump. LIVE UPDATES: The latest on the Trump impeachment inquiry The chaotic scene, with Republicans flouting House rules to make a political point, represented a new and more confrontational phase of the Republican attack on House Intelligence Chairman Adam Schiff and the Democratic impeachment investigation. By early afternoon, pizza and snacks were being brought into the committee area.