 There hasn't been a government shutdown in more than 17 years, since the 28 days of budget stalemate in the Clinton administration that cost more than $1 billion. Now we hear dire warnings and sharpening rhetoric that another shutdown is possible and perhaps likely in less than two weeks when the current fiscal year ends. Despite an escalating political imbroglio, the combination of how Congress works and what politicians want makes the chances of a shutdown at the end of the month uncertain at best. In particular, a rift between Republicans over how to proceed has heightened concerns of a shutdown in the short run, but remains a major reason why one is unlikely in the end.  As the country spirals toward a possible government shutdown in less than a week, most Americans, according to polls, are frustrated by the partisan stubbornness and don't want that shutdown to happen. "Our country was founded on a great compromise," Casey Fos, a lawyer from New Orleans suburb of Covington, Louisiana, tells CNN. In this showdown toward the shutdown, public opinion is a crucial factor, and the latest national surveys also suggest that Democrats and Republicans have numbers to bolster their arguments. Shutdown showdown moves to Senate A shutdown of the government would kick in if Congress doesn't hammer out a new spending plan by Tuesday, the start of the new federal budget year.  The undocumented immigrant population in the United States rose to an estimated 11.7 million in 2012, up from 11.5 million in 2011, according to report released by the Pew Research Center Hispanic Trends Project. The number includes those who crossed U.S. borders illegally, as well as those who came in with temporary visas but stayed past their expiration date, Pew said Monday about its estimate, based on U.S. government data. Mark Hugo Lopez, director of Hispanic research at Pew and co-author of the study, says the data available cannot point to a particular cause for the increase, but he says the improving U.S. economy could be a factor. According to Pew, in 2007, there were an estimated 12.2 million undocumented immigrants in the United Sates.