 President Barack Obama confidently declared that his administration will get things done in Washington despite an atmosphere he described as divided and politically dysfunctional. Speaking at a press conference 100 days into his second term, Obama fielded a range of questions on topics including Syria and the  Boston Marathon attack, and he defended his administration's actions and positions. Noting that lawmakers have blocked initiatives like averting forced budget cuts and expanding gun control, one questioner asked if Obama still had "the juice" to get his agenda through Congress. "I think it's a little, as Mark Twain said, you know, 'Rumors of my demise may be a little exaggerated at this point," Obama said at the White House. Chris Whipple, author of The Gatekeepers: How the White House Chiefs of Staff Define Every Presidency, loosely describes the role of a White House chief of staff through his interview with former president Barack Obama: "During the last days of his presidency, Barack Obama observed: 'One of the things I've learned is that the big breakthroughs are typically the result of a lot of grunt work—just a whole lot of blocking and tackling.' Grunt work is what chiefs of staff do." The White House "beat" concept that had been started during the Cleveland administration by reporter William Price was continued during the McKinley administration. Around the time of the outbreak of the Spanish–American War in 1898, the reporters covering the White House were invited into the mansion itself and provided with space to write, conduct interviews, and generally cover the White House. Now reporting from inside the White House, the reporters used their new location to interview guests entering or leaving the White House or confirm pieces of information from the president's secretaries as they passed through in the course of their duties. Reporters working in the White House did, however, honor an unspoken rule and refrain from asking the president himself a question if he happened to walk through their working area.