 Next week, 15,000 journalists will join thousands of delegates, operatives, lobbyists and party activists for the Republican National Convention in Tampa, Florida, to be followed a week later by the Democrats' convention in Charlotte, North Carolina. The party nominating conventions long ago stopped being about actual deliberation over the nominee or party platform and instead have become pre-packaged, made-for-TV events designed to showcase each nominee to a nightly audience that may number close to 20 million people. Twitter may have other plans, however. This year, social media could be the skunk at the garden party.  When President Barack Obama's campaign announced plans for a full-court press while Republicans hold their convention in Tampa, Florida, this week, some veteran political watchers marked the end of an era. After all, as much as there has ever been accepted "rules" of presidential politics, it was once a given that the opposing candidate ceded the convention week to his rival -- it was the polite thing to do. Instead, the Obama campaign is doing anything but. Not only will surrogates for the president blanket Tampa and key battleground regions, but the campaign's three key figures will also be doing their best to steal some of Mitt Romney's orchestrated thunder this week.  This morning on "Starting Point," RNC communications director Sean Spicer addresses questions of whether the Republican National Convention will be postponed amid reports that Tropical Storm Isaac could hit Tampa by monday. "There's no such thing as canceling" the convention, Spicer says. "As I said, we have contingency plans. Our first priorities is always going to be the safety of the people that are here in Tampa bay, both the visitors and the residents, the people that have volunteered to help make this a great event and in terms of the business of the RNC, which the number one thing is obviously nominating, officially nominating Mitt Romney as our presidential candidate and Paul Ryan as our vice presidential candidate.