The script was written by Rob Siltanen with participation of Lee Clow and many others on his creative team. The slogan "Think Different" was created by Craig Tanimoto, an art director at Chiat\Day, who also contributed to the initial concept work. The look and feel of the print, outdoor and the photography used was researched, curated, and visually developed by art & design director Jessica (Schulman) Edelstein who, together with Lee Clow, met weekly with Steve Jobs and the team at Apple to hone the campaign in its many forms. Susan Alinsangan and Margaret (Midgett) Keene were also instrumental in developing the campaign further as it progressed and spread throughout the world. In 1968, Chiat teamed up with Guy Day to form the Chiat/Day advertising agency in Los Angeles (now TBWA\Chiat\Day). Chiat/Day went on to create some very memorable advertising campaigns and was named U.S. Agency of the Decade in 1989. Their clients included powerhouses such as Apple Computer, Nike, Energizer, Nissan, Infiniti, American Express, and Reebok. Three Chiat/Day campaigns, the Apple Computer 1984 campaign, the Energizer Bunny campaign, and the Nynex Yellow Pages campaign, were chosen by the trade publication Brandweek as three of the top 20 ad campaigns of the last 20 years.  Steve was highly involved with the advertising and every facet of Apple's business. But he was far from the mastermind behind the renowned launch spot...While Steve Jobs didn’t create the advertising concepts, he does deserve an incredible amount of credit. He was fully responsible for ultimately pulling the trigger on the right ad campaign from the right agency, and he used his significant influence to secure talent and rally people like no one I've ever seen before. Without Steve Jobs there's not a shot in hell that a campaign as monstrously big as this one would get even close to flying off the ground...it got an audience that once thought of Apple as semi-cool, but semi-stupid to suddenly think about the brand in a whole new way.