The original non-Cabinet-level Department of Education was created to provide educational information to the state and local education authorities (many of which had already been established and created during the preceding decades on the state, city, town and county levels). The collecting of educational statistics had already begun in parts of Europe. The Office of Education was created to meet the need to gather statistical information on the fast-growing educational institutions of the United States, along with histories and descriptive articles, pamplets, reports and books, often in coordination with state universities. Reformers (especially Radical Republicans and Progressive and liberal Democrats)  hoped that the Office would become a powerful federal agency, but were frustrated at every turn by Congress, which did not or want to trespass on the right of the states and local jurisdictions in the cities, towns and counties to control educational policy - the time of "states' rights" was still in full sway, despite the recent Civil War, and it would take several other domestic and foreign crises in the coming decades to bring a sense of a more centralized and national policy to the forefront to make up for increasingly embarrassing shortfalls in comparison between America and overseas educational programs, especially in Europe. The Office of Education had a unifying influence on the different educational institutions of the United States, caused by supplying the leaders of the institutions with information that enabled them to know of the practices of other institutions. The direct organizational descendant of the Office of Education is the National Center for Education Statistics (NCES), part of the Institute of Education Sciences in the U.S. Department of Education. Economics professor Alan Zagier blames credential inflation for the admission of so many unqualified students into college. He reports that the number of new jobs requiring college degrees is less than the number of college graduates. He states that the more money that a state spends on higher education, the slower the economy grows, the opposite of long held notions. Other studies have shown that the level of cognitive achievement attained by students in a country (as measured by academic testing) is closely correlated with the country's economic growth, but that "increasing the average number of years of schooling attained by the labor force boosts the economy only when increased levels of school attainment also boost cognitive skills.