Monorail Shop ("Shop" for short) is Disney's monorail maintenance facility located a short distance northeast of the Magic Kingdom, and provides space for up to ten of the twelve Mark VI trains on its upper level (the bottom level houses the four steam locomotives and trains of the Walt Disney World Railroad in the Magic Kingdom on its west side, and a road vehicle maintenance facility on the east side). On any given night, two to five monorail trains are parked at various stations on the system. On nights where the temperature drops below freezing, two trains will be parked inside the Contemporary Resort; but in practice, trains can be left in any station (even on the express side of a resort station). Trains typically only spend one night out of shop, since routine maintenance is performed nightly. Cinderella II: Dreams Come True begins with the Fairy Godmother reading the story of Cinderella to the animals until Gus and Jaq arrive. The three of them set off to make a new book to narrate what happens after the "Happily Ever After" by stringing the three segments of the film together into one narrative. During one of the segments, the Fairy Godmother turns Jaq into a human six times taller than his height so that he can help Cinderella in the palace. In Cinderella III: A Twist in Time, the Fairy Godmother's powerful magic wand is stolen by Anastasia, who accidentally turns her into a stone statue, and her wand is misused by the venomously evil Lady Termaine. Because of Florida's high water table, the tunnels could not be put underground, so they were built at the existing grade, meaning the park is built on the second story, giving the Magic Kingdom an elevation of 108 feet (33 m). The area around the utilidors was filled in with dirt removed from the Seven Seas Lagoon, which was being constructed at the same time. The utilidors were built in the initial construction and were not extended as the park expanded. The tunnels were intended to be designed into all subsequent Walt Disney World parks but were set aside mostly because of financial constraints.