 Senate Republicans won a relatively minor but important legislative victory on health care on Tuesday afternoon. But the lengths they had to go to secure it -- John McCain flying back from Arizona fewer than two weeks removed from surgery that led to a brain cancer diagnosis -- suggest the problems, political and policy-wise, that await congressional GOPers and the Trump White House. Republicans woke up Tuesday morning faced with the possibility that, even with McCain's return to Washington, they would not be able to secure the votes they needed to merely bring the health care bill to the floor and allow it to be debated. In the usual legislative cycle, the "motion to proceed" -- which is what Republicans passed Tuesday -- is merely a formality.  Senate Republicans voted Tuesday afternoon to advance to floor debate on their efforts to re-write health care policy, with Vice President Mike Pence breaking the tie. But hours later, the Senate decisively rejected a Republican proposal to repeal-and-replace Obamacare, a sign of the chaos expected to envelop Capitol Hill as GOP leaders work to find a plan their conference can agree to. Wednesday morning, floor debate on the legislation to overhaul the Affordable Care Act will continue, even though there aren't any guarantees the votes are there to eventually pass it -- and it's unclear what a final bill will look like. But little may match the drama of Tuesday's vote on the motion to proceed, when Sen. John McCain returned from Arizona to applause from fellow senators to cast what would be a critical vote for the Republicans.  Rep. Blake Farenthold of Texas said in a radio interview Friday he might "settle this Aaron Burr-style" -- an apparent reference to the 1804 duel when Burr killed Alexander Hamilton -- if GOP holdouts on the Senate health care efforts were men from his home state of Texas rather than women. "Listen, the fact that the Senate does not have the courage to do some of the things that every Republican in the Senate promised to do is just absolutely repugnant to me," he told Texas radio host Bob Jones on "Keys 1440 AM." "Some of the people that are opposed to this -- there are some female senators from the Northeast -- if it was a guy from South Texas, I might ask him to step outside and settle this Aaron Burr-style." Republican Sens.