In November 2018 FDA implemented a new framework, in collaboration with the Department of Defense, to expedite the development of medical products intended to support American soldiers on the battlefield. Gottlieb had fought to maintain FDA control over the review and approval of medical products intended to support the warfighter after the Pentagon had sought to acquire that authority for itself as part of the National Defense Authorization Act. “I'm fully committed to trying to expedite products for the war fighter, and ... if they pass the language that has been put forward — the alternative language — we will commit to very quickly putting in place the implementing guidance to stand up that process,” Gottlieb said as the Pentagon's version of the provision was moving through the House and the Senate. Ultimately, the compromise was to retain the authority with FDA but for FDA to commit to offer products intended for the battlefield a higher priority of review, reflecting  the compromise provision that Gottlieb had put forward.  Got milk? If you're buying "milk" made with non-dairy products like almonds or oats, the US Food and Drug Administration isn't so sure you do. During a the Politico Pro Summit on Tuesday, FDA Commissioner Dr. Scott Gottlieb questioned whether the "standards of identity" applied to milk in the United States are being enforced correctly. The FDA describes milk as "the lacteal secretion, practically free from colostrum, obtained by the complete milking of one or more healthy cows." After his resignation, from his post as Commissioner of the Food and Drugs Administration in December 1969, Dr. Herbert L. Ley, Jr. In an interview to The New York Times, warned the public about the FDA’s inability to safeguard consumers. People were being misled, he believed “The thing that bugs me is that the people think the FDA is protecting them - it isn’t. What the FDA is doing and what the public thinks it’s doing are as different as night and day,” he said.