Controversy over Deck's handling of an investigation of recruiting violations by the Mount Vernon High School athletic department, his censure by the Fairfax Education Association for a mishandled school closing, unhappiness with his personal leadership style, which was characterized as "aggressive" and "abrasive", and pressure from the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors angry at Deck's proposed budget led to the school board forcing Deck to resign on June 24, 1982, only 1½ years into his four-year contract. The board appointed William J. Burkholder as acting superintendent. Like most public school systems in the southern United States, Hillsborough County once maintained a strictly racially segregated school system. Several schools had a population of 100 percent minority students, including Don Thompson Vocational High School in Tampa, (now known as Blake High School) and the Glover School in Bealsville, Florida near Plant City, while most public schools were for white students only. Following the U.S. Supreme Court's Brown v. Board of Education decision of 1954, a federal district court found in 1962 that Hillsborough County was operating an "illegally segregated public school system". The district spent much of the next 9 years employing various strategies designed to delay integration of the schools. The Supreme Court ruling in Brown v. Board of Education (1954) ordered an end to racial segregation. In response, the Commonwealth of Virginia immediately enacted legislation to stop the process of desegregation, took control of all the schools in Virginia, and resorted to closing school systems attempting to desegregate. When Arlington County announced an early attempt at a desegregation plan, its school board was fired by the State Board of Education. In 1955 the Fairfax School Board, renamed the "Committee on Desegregation" to the "Committee on Segregation" after a petition and thread of litigation from a civic group called "Virginia Citizens’ Committee for Better Schools".