 It's time that we turn on the lights at the end of the dark tunnel that President Donald Trump has led us down with his prolonged war on news and democracy. In sharp contrast to Trump, I appreciate the role of the free press in preserving our democracy, and if elected President, I will ensure that journalists have the access and protections they need to keep the public fully informed on what my administration does. That begins with restoring the daily White House press briefings. Since the President took office, his White House's press briefings have become far rarer and shorter than those of earlier administrations -- a symptom of this President's erratic messaging and policies.  Manal al-Sharif, the Saudi woman who dared to drive, is once again taking to the open road to shine a global spotlight on what she views as the injustice taking place in Saudi Arabia. Sharif is driving across America, in partnership with the Human Rights Foundation, to raise awareness of her fellow female activists who are still detained for wanting to be able to drive. She started her trip in San Francisco on April 12, and will cover some 3,000 miles to Washington, DC, as she calls on the staunchly conservative Saudi kingdom to end it's "war on women." "It really concerns me that the world doesn't see the violations of human rights and women's rights in my country," she tells CNN.  Joe Biden was under 40 when he was elected to the Senate, and he spent decades representing Delaware in the deliberative body, rising to lead the Senate Judiciary Committee and the Senate Foreign Relations Committee before serving eight years as vice president. The man knows foreign affairs, and he knows politics. He's accomplished all of this despite an extremely acute case of what has previously been diagnosed by media organizations as "foot-in-mouth disease," something he'll have to manage during his latest run for President, which he enters as the prohibitive Democratic frontrunner. He's a back-slapping kind of a politician who says things he probably shouldn't.