 A week ago, Jeb Bush was openly annoyed at reporters who asked him questions about Donald Trump, and he could barely stand to mention his opponent's name during New Hampshire campaign events. But at CNN's Republican debate Tuesday, the former Florida governor tore into the GOP front-runner, solidifying himself as the establishment's primary attack dog against Trump. While Bush has been willing to bash Trump for months -- firing off one of his biggest shots last week when he called his rival "unhinged" for proposing a ban on Muslims entering the country -- Bush's Tuesday debate performance showcased a new turbocharged offensive against the billionaire businessman. RELATED: Jeb Bush: 'I can guarantee' Donald Trump won't be nominee Bush now rests in the mid-to low single digits in national polls, while Trump has expanded his lead, coming in at 38% in an ABC News/Washington Post survey earlier this week.  Debates have great potential to flush out bad ideas and lay them before us for all to see. Because of this, as a debate coach, I listen for my debaters' bad ideas as an opportunity to teach about "losing" arguments. The recent Republican faceoff  in Las Vegas was the first GOP debate since the attacks in San Bernardino, California, and Paris. While some of the candidates had good policy proposals for how to improve safety and security, it was the really terrible ones that were made to stand out like a sore thumb in the eye.  GOP candidates laid their cards on the table during the final Republican presidential debate of 2015 when it came to their expressions. From South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham's eye rolls in the undercard debate to energetic exchanges between Donald Trump and Jeb Bush in the prime-time event, Tuesday night's debate at The Venetian in Las Vegas was a time for Republican candidates to make their positions clear on national security. Here are the most expressive moments from CNN's GOP debate. Graham displayed quite a few emotions when questions were directed at him -- and at others.