 Imagine going to the polls on election day and your polling location has been shut down or your right to vote challenged or worse, you're taunted by people at the polling site because you're a person of color. These are just some of the concerns that civil rights groups around the country have as early voting begins. Groups representing Latino, Black, Asian, Arab and Muslim-American voters are preparing for what they expect will be a confusing and contentious presidential election. "We are on the precipice of the most chaotic election for people of color in 50 years," said Wade Henderson, president of the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights on Wednesday.  A new poll offering a deep dive into the political views of the youngest American voters finds them favoring Hillary Clinton and no less likely to vote than they were in 2012, but younger Americans' outlook on the country's future centers far more on fear than hope. A majority of Americans under age 30, 51%, say they feel fearful about America's future, and only 41% say they expect to be better off than their parents are today, according to the survey released Wednesday by the Harvard Institute of Politics. The poll suggests no drop-off in interest in politics among young Americans compared with 2012. The share saying they plan to vote is on par with this stage in the 2012 election, and just about the same share consider themselves politically engaged now as did four years ago. Despite the hype surrounding the political engagement and record turnout among young voters, their voting power has actually declined. In round terms, the share of voters between the ages of 18 and 24 will fall from 13% in 2000 to 12% in 2020 while that of voters aged 65 and over will rise from 18% to 23% during the same period, according to Richard Fry of the Pew Research Center. Millennials' voting power is even weaker than first appeared due to the comparatively higher number of them who are non-citizens (12%, as of 2019), according to William Frey of the Brookings Institution.