In "Silence the Whisperers", after being alerted to the mysterious fall of a tree against the walls of the Hilltop, Magna helped transport the injured from the fallen tree to the rooms of the mansion due to the lack of capacity of the infirmary. When the noise caught the attention of several herds of walkers, Magna and few residents of community were repelling the walkers and reluctantly was forced by Yumiko to fall back after the situation became critical; the Hilltop eventually received the help of Michonne and her group and together they stopped the invasion. Angry at the new role of her girlfriend occupied within the community, Magna confronted her about the fact that she was making decisions for others and reminded her that she is no longer her lawyer. As was the case with the second generation, the TE and KE series shared the same platform, which was codenamed "YR". Their bodies were bigger (10 mm or 0.4 in higher and longer than the TS series but close to the KS series) and stiffer (13 percent more) yet only marginally heavier (by less than 20 kilograms or 44 pounds) than before thanks to its greater aluminium construction. The new Magna and Verada also had coupe-like frameless windows plus slim centre/B-pillars, with increased front and rear legroom and boot space. The Verada was again distinguished by more luxurious fittings and longer front and rear bumper bars to meet US safety standards. Various countries recognize some form of due process under customary international law. Although the specifics are often unclear, most nations agree that they should guarantee foreign visitors a basic minimum level of justice and fairness. Some nations have argued that they are bound to grant no more rights to aliens than they do to their own citizens, the doctrine of national treatment, which also means that both would be vulnerable to the same deprivations by the government. With the growth of international human rights law and the frequent use of treaties to govern treatment of foreign nationals abroad, the distinction, in practice, between these two perspectives may be disappearing.