 Engineers have determined a storm-battered crane that is dangling over Midtown Manhattan is securely fastened to a high-rise building under construction, Mayor Michael Bloomberg said Wednesday. Crews will "have to construct another crane on top of it in order to take down this one," the mayor told reporters. "There was enormous torque when the crane fell over and the fact that those connectors have withstood the pressure just testifies to how well they were put in and how stable that tower is," Bloomberg said. New York after Sandy: A tale of two cities Since Tuesday, engineers have been inside the One57 building on West 57th Street, where gale force winds toppled a crane boom some 90 stories above the city.  Affixed to a high-rise apartment building in one of midtown Manhattan's more coveted locations, the arm of a construction crane damaged by Superstorm Sandy continued to dangle perilously 90 stories above New York City. Police have cordoned off the area around the base of the One57 building on West 57th street, as New Yorkers recover from a rare convergence of weather systems that killed at least 15 people across the state. The arm can be seen slowly swaying atop the building, which remains under construction. Photos: New York recovers from Sandy Mayor Michael Bloomberg said the surrounding area, including the posh Le Parker Meridien hotel, has since been evacuated.  As storm-battered residents came to terms with the extent of the damage Tuesday, organizers of the New York City Marathon were trying to determine if flight cancellations, flooding and power outages would affect Sunday's race. "We are going to give everyone the time to get here and if they have to cancel, we will give them the chance to cancel up to Saturday," said Mary Wittenberg, president of New York Road Runners, which organizes the race. Wittenberg had declared Monday that "time is on our side" for the preparations, though she could not be reached for comment Tuesday after Superstorm Sandy barreled through the region. Superstorm Sandy breaks records As many as 2 million customers in the state of New York were without power Tuesday afternoon.