 Shortly after the Transportation Security Administration was created in November 2001, and the federal government assumed all responsibility for screening at U.S. airports, airline crews were scratching their heads. Weren't these people with the new blue uniforms just refugees from the ranks of the now-unemployed private screening companies? Other than pilots having their toenail clippers confiscated even while dressed in full uniform and carrying appropriate ID, had anything really changed? Honestly, with no disrespect to the thousands of TSA professionals performing their thankless job well, airline crews almost 14 years later still maintain the same skeptical attitude -- particularly when we hear recent news like the stunning failure of TSA agents to detect explosives and weapons in an undercover test of their screening.  The Department of Homeland Security said Monday that the acting administrator for the Transportation Security Administration would be reassigned, following a report that airport screeners failed to detect explosives and weapons in nearly every test that an undercover team conducted at dozens of airports. According to a report based on an internal investigation, "red teams" with the Department of Homeland Security's Office of the Inspector General were able to get banned items through the screening process in 67 out of 70 tests it conducted across the nation. The test results were first reported by ABC News, and government officials confirmed them to CNN. Mark Hatfield, acting deputy director, will take over for Melvin Carraway until a new acting administrator is appointed. The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) is an agency of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security that has authority over the security of the traveling public in the United States. It was created as a response to the September 11 attacks. Chiefly concerned with air travel, the TSA employs screening officers in airports, armed Federal Air Marshals on planes, and mobile teams of dog handlers and explosives specialists.