 Before and after becoming the presumptive Republican nominee, Donald Trump has boasted repeatedly about paying for his campaign himself and eschewing traditional finance models of presidential campaigns. "I don't need anybody's money," Trump said in his June 2015 announcement, a sentiment repeated on the campaign trail many times over the past year, most recently on Saturday at a rally in Las Vegas. But while Trump said he didn't need anyone's money, the billionaire businessman hasn't turned it away either. According to an analysis of the most recent finance reports by Crowdpac, a Silicon Valley-based political data site, Trump accepted roughly $14 million in campaign contributions through the end of April.  Donald Trump sought to reassure jittery donors at a private fundraiser in New York City Tuesday night, in part by vowing to spend whatever it takes of his own fortune to win the White House. The high-dollar event at Le Cirque restaurant in midtown Manhattan came at a moment of turmoil for Trump, as the presumptive GOP presidential nominee has battled weeks of unflattering headlines and devastating fundraising numbers released Monday. Trump used the gathering Tuesday to remind supporters and top GOP donors that he had repeatedly defied expectations throughout the primary season and expressed confidence that he will once against outperform his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, two individuals present at the fundraiser told CNN on the condition of anonymity. Trump said he took pride in having won the Republican primary on a shoestring budget and minimal staff, as he contrasted his primary resources to Clinton's robust operation.  Donald Trump announced Thursday that he's forgiving the millions he's loaned to his own campaign, calling it a contribution "made in order to 'Make America Great Again.'" In a written statement, the presumptive GOP nominee said he would not be requiring the campaign to pay him back. The total loan amounted to $46.1 million by the end of May 31, according to the most recent financial records available. The announcement comes in a week dominated by headlines about his lagging fundraising numbers behind those of Hillary Clinton.