Scarface began development after Al Pacino saw the 1932 film of the same name at the Tiffany Theater while in Los Angeles. He later called his manager, producer Martin Bregman, and informed him of his belief in the potential for a remake of that film. Pacino originally wanted to retain the period piece aspect, but realized that because of its melodramatic nature it would be difficult to accomplish. Sidney Lumet became attached as the director, developing the idea for Montana to be Cuban arriving in America during the Mariel boatlift.  The Pentagon announced Wednesday that it is moving approximately 250 active duty US military personnel to Texas in response to the expected arrival of a new migrant caravan. Acting Secretary of Defense Patrick Shanahan has authorized "the repositioning of approximately 250 active duty military personnel from current border security support missions in Arizona to the vicinity of the Eagle Pass" in response to the approaching caravan, Pentagon spokesman Capt. Bill Speaks said in a statement. The movement of troops is in response to a request from the Department of Homeland Security, Speaks added, also noting that these are not new troops but are coming from "existing authorities and in accordance with previously-approved requests for support."  ISIS will claim victory over the US and is likely to regain territory as a result of President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw from Syria, according to a new report released Monday by the Pentagon's Inspector General. "ISIS may conduct opportunistic attacks on US personnel as they withdraw but will leverage the event as a 'victory' in its media," the report said, citing information obtained from US Central Command, which oversees US military operations in the region. The report, the first of its kind since Trump announced plans to pull all troops from Syria, also says "ISIS remains an active insurgent group in both Iraq and Syria." "ISIS is regenerating key functions and capabilities more quickly in Iraq than in Syria, but absent sustained  pressure, ISIS could likely resurge in Syria within six to twelve months and regain limited territory," the report adds.