 UK Prime Minister Theresa May will begin the formal process of ending Britain's 44-year membership of the European Union Wednesday, kickstarting a two-year process that will end in Brexit. May signed a formal letter to the European Union in Downing Street on Tuesday night, declaring that Britain is triggering Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty, effectively the EU's rulebook. The letter will be hand-delivered to the President of the European Council in Brussels  at 1.30 p.m. Wednesday (7.30 a.m ET). On Wednesday, at the same time across the channel in London, May will stand to deliver a statement to the House of Commons, confirming that the Brexit process has begun. Responding to some calls for a general election (reported by the news media) to confirm her mandate, "sources close to Mrs May" said there would be no such election, according to the BBC. In a speech after her appointment, May emphasised the term Unionist in the name of the Conservative Party, reminding all of "the precious, precious bond between England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland." By 15 July 2016, May had travelled to Edinburgh, Scotland to meet with first minister Nicola Sturgeon, to reinforce the bond between Scotland and the rest of the country. "This visit to Scotland is my first as Prime Minister and I'm coming here to show my commitment to preserving this special union that has endured for centuries," she explained. On 20 July, May attended her first Prime Minister's Questions since taking office, then afterwards made her first overseas trip as Prime Minister, visiting Berlin for talks with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. They discussed Germany–United Kingdom relations while the UK prepared for Brexit. During the visit, May said that she would not trigger Article 50 before 2017, suggesting it would take time for the UK to negotiate a "sensible and orderly departure" from the EU. May also announced that in the wake of the referendum, Britain would relinquish the presidency of the Council of the European Union that the UK had been scheduled to hold in the second half of 2017.