 White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said it was "biblical" for President Donald Trump's administration to enforce federal law in a way that separates children from their families at the border when they illegally enter the US. Sanders, speaking at the White House press briefing Thursday, was pressed by CNN's Jim Acosta on whether she agreed with Attorney General Jeff Sessions' assertion that the Bible requires the Trump administration to follow the law. RELATED: Sessions cites Bible to defend immigration policies resulting in family separations "I would cite you to the Apostle Paul and his clear and wise command in Romans 13 to obey the laws of the government because God has ordained the government for his purposes," Sessions had said earlier Thursday. "Orderly and lawful processes are good in themselves. "Nevertheless, she persisted" is an expression adopted by the feminist movement, especially in the United States. It became popular in 2017 after the United States Senate voted to silence Senator Elizabeth Warren's objections to confirmation of Senator Jeff Sessions as U.S. Attorney General. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell made this remark in defense of the silencing, during his comments following the vote.  If there's one person besides President Donald Trump who's associated with his immigration policies, it's Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Regardless of whether it's his agency's core jurisdiction. Sessions and the Justice Department have taken a lead role in announcing and defending the administration's immigration efforts on a number of fronts -- including some that only tangentially involve the department. It was the Justice Department press office that put out a "fact check" statement Tuesday responding to Oregon Democratic Sen. Jeff Merkley's publicized border trip to visit detention facilities run by components of the Departments of Homeland Security and of Health and Human Services, and it was Sessions who went in front of cameras the day the DHS announced the policy that would result in more families separated at the border.