 Thirteen wealthy parents, including actress Felicity Huffman, and one coach will plead guilty to using bribery and other forms of fraud as part of the college admissions scandal, federal prosecutors in Boston said on Monday. Huffman, the "Desperate Housewives" star, will plead guilty to paying $15,000 to a fake charity associated with Rick Singer to facilitate cheating for her daughter on the SATs, the complaint says. She faces up to 20 years in prison. In exchange for Huffman's plea, federal prosecutors will recommend incarceration at the "low end" of the sentencing range, a $20,000 fine and 12 months of supervised release.  Of the 50 people caught up in the largest college admissions cheating scheme ever prosecuted in the United States, actresses Felicity Huffman and Lori Loughlin have become the faces of the scandal, with many wondering whether they will end up behind bars. Huffman and Loughlin are among 33 parents accused of using their wealth to cheat on standardized tests for their children, and bribe college administrators and coaches who had major clout when it came to admissions. The investigation took a crucial turn last week when Huffman and a dozen other parents and one coach agreed to plead guilty to mail fraud and other forms of bribery, highlighting the separate actions both women have taken since the scandal broke. Here are the different ways the actresses have dealt with the fallout:   Felicity Huffman What is she accused of?  Actress Lori Loughlin and 15 other wealthy parents now face an additional charge of money laundering as part of the growing college admissions scandal. The parents, who were charged last month with conspiracy to commit fraud, were charged on Tuesday in a superseding indictment with conspiring to launder bribes and other payments through a charity run by Rick Singer, the mastermind of the scam, as well as by transferring money into the United States to promote the fraud, prosecutors said. Loughlin and her husband, fashion designer Mossimo Giannulli, are accused of paying $500,000 to Singer's fake charity to get their two daughters into the University of Southern California as crew recruits, even though the daughters did not participate in the sport. The couple appeared last week in federal court in Boston, but they have not publicly indicated how they plan to plea.