David "Dave" Norton is an agent of the Federal Investigation Bureau (FIB), working under his superior Steve Haines. He is portrayed by Julian Gamble. In 2004, Dave somehow came into contact with Michael Townley and the two men covertly worked together to stage Michael's supposed death during an upcoming bank heist in Ludendorff; Michael would be able to leave his criminal life behind and Dave would finally have something to highlight his uneventful career. After the heist, Dave shoots Michael and Brad Snider during their escape, but he misses Trevor Philips, as was the original plan; Brad dies and is buried in Michael's "grave", while Michael survives the heist as Dave intentionally missed him due to their secret agreement. Dave tries to calm down Haines, who agrees to spare Michael, but wants Trevor dead. Haines orders Franklin to kill Trevor, while Devin Weston tells him to assassinate Michael. If the player chooses to spare Michael and Trevor, Haines is killed, and Dave is named new host of "The Underbelly of Paradise", the reality show that Haines presented. Although Trevor suggests that Dave be killed as well, Michael insists that his life be spared in order to prevent the FIB from going after them any further. For the next nine years, Michael lives a near-perfect retirement in Los Santos under the surname "De Santa", with Dave being in contact with him. He arrives at Michael's mansion in the affluent suburb of Rockford Hills, after Michael and his protege, Franklin Clinton, robbed a jewellery store; warning him that the whole thing will attract Trevor, who Dave has been sending emails to using Brad's identity so as to continue monitoring him. Haines discovers Dave's deal with Michael, forcing Michael, Trevor and Franklin to work for him and Dave, and the trio do several jobs for them, with most of the jobs involving working against the IAA. Haines wants to get rid of Michael so he'll be able to get out clean of the suspicions against him, leading Dave to briefly turn against Haines during a massive shootout between the FIB, the IAA, and Merryweather, during which Dave gets help from both Michael and Trevor.