 Two of Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt's closest aides at the agency resigned on Wednesday, an EPA official confirms to CNN. Sarah Greenwalt, a senior counselor to Pruitt, and Millan Hupp, who worked as Pruitt's scheduling director, both resigned on Wednesday, the official told CNN. Their resignations are set to take effect late this week and early next week, the source said. Hupp recently testified before the House oversight committee that she did many personal tasks for Pruitt, including house-hunting and inquiring about obtaining a used Trump hotel mattress.  Environmental Protection Agency administrator Scott Pruitt has called on his security detail to assist him with errands ranging from picking up his dry cleaning to helping him look for lotion, The Washington Post reported Thursday, citing two people familiar with the trips. Those two individuals, who spoke on condition of anonymity, told the Post that Pruitt has asked EPA security agents to get his dry cleaning and once requested that they drive him around so that he could look for a type of moisturizing lotion that can be found in Ritz-Carlton hotels. EPA spokeswoman Kelsi Daniell provided the Post with a statement in response to the newspaper's story that said, "Administrator Pruitt follows the same security protocol whether he's in his personal or official capacity." EPA has not provided a comment to CNN in reaction to the story.  Louisiana Republican Sen. John Kennedy blasted embattled Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt for "acting like a moron" Thursday, warning that Pruitt's ongoing ethics scandals are "hurting the President, and therefore he's hurting the country." "I don't know Mr. Pruitt," Kennedy told CNN's John Berman on "New Day." "I'm not commenting on his professional judgment, I'm commenting on his personal judgment." Pruitt is the subject of about a dozen inquiries to his role as administrator and this week has seen a steady stream of Republicans criticizing him.