 Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas will submit a letter to the United Nations Security Council Friday requesting formal U.N. recognition of Palestinian statehood, according to a top Palestinian official. Abbas met Wednesday with U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, who promised that the request will be taken "very seriously,"  Dr. Nabeel Shaath told reporters on hand for the 66th session of the U.N. General Assembly -- a session dominated concerns over the intractable Israeli-Palestinian  Ban said it will "not take long" to get Security Council consideration, Shaath said. Abbas will give "some time" to the Security Council before trying to negotiate statehood via the General Assembly, Shaath said. "We do not think of this as a tactic or as a bluff," he stressed.  As the international community works on a package of initiatives to avoid a diplomatic showdown over Palestinian statehood at the U.N. Security Council this week, the presidents of the United States and the Palestinian Authority will meet to discuss the issue, a senior U.S. official told CNN. President Barack Obama and President Mahmoud Abbas will meet Wednesday in New York in an effort to find a way around a showdown, the senior U.S. official said late Tuesday afternoon. While there are a number of  ideas in play, senior U.S., European, Israeli and Palestinian officials have told CNN they center around Abbas delivering a letter to the Security Council seeking full Palestinian statehood, but not forcing a council vote. The Security Council letter would be paired with a statement by the Mideast Quartet laying out the terms of reference to relaunch peace talks between the Israelis and Palestinians, the officials said.  Libya's interim prime minister said on Tuesday that he expects the county to have a new government within 10 days. Mahmoud Jibril, head of the National Transitional Council's executive board, spoke at a Group of Eight conference on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly. "I expect the government to be announced within a week, 10 days maximum from now ... most of the work has been done," he said. "I think this government, when formed, will help tremendously, bring about stability and order in Tripoli and the rest of the country.