The origins of ollies — a guy named Alan Gelfand did it on vert… I had for a long time done a really simple movement, which was—it was just a transfer trick… and there are a ton of tricks where I needed to get to this side . It’s a transfer trick—I’d been doing that since the late seventies, so that I could, in turn, do things like this . When I saw him  do it on the wall, I immediately—I’m thinking, the mechanics of it:  how do you get your board off the ground—how would you get your board off the ground like he did off the wall, ’cause I’m stuck on flat ground, not weightless… he first ones I did took about, I don’t know, five, ten minutes… I realized, that’s just the same motion I’ve been doing for years—it’s a see-saw motion; that’s how ollies work… It’s just a punch and a little hop; and the real key to it was dragging your foot and leveling it out, which brings the board up… In a back-handed way, people credit me with—in the documentary, Stacy ’s Bones Brigade documentary, credit me with the importance of the ollie that gave the foundation for street skating, which is just skateboarding today, all that; and to me it was like, “Yeah, but, it’s not a big deal.”  Took me ten minutes, fifteen, half an hour, an hour; and the next thing you know, you’re getting ’em this high, and that’s what laid the foundation for everything else. So, in a sense, the biggest innovation for street skating, which is what they credit me for — it’s not a big deal! Sometime afterward, the sons of Jacob by Leah, Bilhah and Zilpah, were feeding his flocks in Shechem. Jacob wanted to know how things were doing, so he asked Joseph to go down there and return with a report. This was the last time he would ever see his son in Hebron. Later that day, the report that Jacob ended up receiving came from Joseph's brothers who brought before him a coat laden with blood. Abigail Lawrie, who plays Sophie, gets the ultimate endorsement from Sophie’s mother. “I felt she was very, very good,” she says. “There is one scene where she’s sat on the couch and Rob comes in with a Harry Potter book. That took my breath away because that was Sophie.