 President Donald Trump landed in Israel on Monday for the second leg of his first foreign trip as president where he will tackle the Israeli-Palestinian peace process, address regional security issues and reaffirm the US' commitment to its alliance with Israel. The visit is the second of three stops on the President's schedule aimed at highlighting the importance of the world's three largest monotheistic religions. He arrived in Israel after visiting Saudi Arabia, home to the two holiest sites in Islam, and will next head to the Vatican, home of the Catholic Church. "Young Israeli and Palestinian children deserve to grow up in safety, and to follow their dreams free from the violence that has destroyed so many lives," said Trump, in remarks alongside Israeli President Reuven Rivlin in Jerusalem on Monday.  After meeting with Muslim leaders in Saudi Arabia and visiting sacred sites in Jerusalem, President Donald Trump's tour of world religions concluded Wednesday at the Vatican, the Catholic Church's holy headquarters. There, at the Apostolic Palace, Trump met with Pope Francis -- finally. It's a meeting millions had been waiting for, an encounter between two of the world's most intriguing and complex characters: The holy man in white who preaches good news to the poor and the brash businessman in the dark suit who embodies American extravagance. After months of talking -- and tweeting -- past one another, as well as a very public spat over international borders, the Pope and President met at last, with nary a barrier between them.  The archbishop of New York said Wednesday he is confident Pope Francis -- who has implicitly criticized Donald Trump in the past -- spoke candidly with the President at their Vatican meeting. "I would not be surprised at all if the Pope got his points across," Cardinal Timothy Dolan told CNN's Chris Cuomo Wednesday on "New Day." "This is a man that's come across as the greatest prophet and protection of the poor and vulnerable and marginalized throughout the world." "So, that he would speak of those values and principles, I'm sure he did," Dolan added.