 Bangladesh has promised to implement a series of labor reforms as retailers weigh the cost of doing business in the country after a devastating factory collapse killed hundreds of workers. The measures, detailed in a statement issued by the United Nations' International Labour Organization, include the recruitment of 200 additional building inspectors within six months, a review of current garment producers and a promise to fix all problematic factories. The agreement between the U.N. organization and Bangladesh officials comes amid growing international concern about working conditions in Bangladesh. It calls for a legislative reform package that will be submitted when the country's parliament convenes in June.  H&M, the global fast fashion store, on Monday agreed to support a new plan to prevent fires and building collapses in Bangladesh apparel factories. The company's announcement prompted a flood of international brands to also join in. Spanish brand Zara's parent company Inditex, Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger owner PVH, along with Dutch retailer C&A and British retailer Primark all signed the agreement that promises to overhaul the way health and safety is monitored in Bangladesh. The agreement comes in the wake of the deadly Bangladesh factory building collapse that killed more than 1,100 workers three weeks ago.  The death toll from the disastrous building collapse in Bangladesh last month has risen above 700, authorities said Tuesday, as recovery workers continued to pull bodies from the rubble. The building, which housed five factories full of garment workers, caved in nearly two weeks ago, burying hundreds of people in a heap of mangled concrete in Savar, a suburb of the capital, Dhaka. It is the South Asian nation's deadliest industrial disaster. Rescue workers managed to save more than 2,400 people in the aftermath of the collapse, but their work for the past week has focused on using heavy machinery to uncover the remaining bodies buried inside the ruins.