 Hollywood and creative talent from 21st Century Fox are condemning the company over its news division's coverage of the crisis at the southern US border, where parents are being separated from their children when families enter the country illegally. Steve Levitan, the co-creator and executive producer of ABC's "Modern Family," which is owned by Fox's TV studio, tweeted on Tuesday that he would leave the network due to Fox News' coverage of President Trump's border policies. "I have no problem with fact-based conservatism (such as WSJ), but @FoxNew's 23-hour-a-day support of the NRA, conspiracy theories and Trump's lies gets harder to swallow every day as I drive onto that lot to make a show about inclusion," he tweeted on Tuesday. "I look forward to seeing #ModernFamily through to the end and then, sale or no sale, setting up shop elsewhere." At launch, only 10 million households were able to watch Fox News, with none in the major media markets of New York City and Los Angeles. According to published reports, many media reviewers had to watch the first day's programming at Fox News' studios because it was not readily available. The rolling news coverage during the day consisted of 20-minute single topic shows like Fox on Crime or Fox on Politics surrounded by news headlines. Interviews had various facts at the bottom of the screen about the topic or the guest.  Fox News anchor Sandra Smith gave Corey Lewandowski multiple opportunities Wednesday morning to apologize for his dismissive comments about a 10-year-old with Down Syndrome separated from her parents at the border. But Lewandowski was not backing down. While appearing Tuesday on Fox News, the former Trump campaign manager said "Womp, womp," as his fellow guest, former senior Democratic National Committee adviser Zac Petkanas, shared an anecdote he had read about "a 10-year-old girl with Down syndrome" who had been "taken from her mother and put in a cage." On Wednesday morning, after an uproar about his comments had already begun, Fox had Lewandowski back on its air, with Smith asking if he'd like to address the comments he made that had "gotten a lot of attention in the media."