 Harvard University received almost $9 million in gifts from Jeffrey Epstein, but none after he pleaded guilty to prostitution charges in 2008 in Florida, the school's president said. Epstein gave gifts between 1998 and 2007, but the university rejected a donation from Epstein after his 2008 guilty plea, President Lawrence Bacow said in a message to the Harvard community Thursday. One endowment and one fund had an unspent balance of $186,000 from Epstein's gifts, a review found, and that will be donated to organizations that support human trafficking and sexual abuse victims, Bacow said. The largest gift was $6.5 million to support the Program for Evolutionary Dynamics in 2003, Bacow noted, but the university also received other gifts totaling approximately $2.4 million.  Attorneys representing one of Jeffrey Epstein's accusers have requested a meeting with Prince Andrew, Duke of York, to discuss his relationship with the late Epstein, one of Epstein's associates and the accuser, according to a letter obtained by CNN. In the letter, attorneys for accuser Virginia Roberts Giuffre requested the meeting — in New York, London or "any other place you may designate" — to discuss and "explore" the prince's relationship with Epstein, Ghislaine Maxwell, a British woman who has been accused of assisting Epstein in his sexual abuse, and their client. Attorneys Bradley Edwards and David Boies write in the letter that they are "puzzled" and "disappointed" that the prince did not cooperate with the attorneys' request for a meeting years ago when a photo surfaced in numerous media reports appearing to show him with his arm around Giuffre and Maxwell in the background. The Duke of York's office confirmed receipt of the letter, according to documents obtained by CNN.  Investigations into accused sex trafficker Jeffrey Epstein were more expansive than previously known, according to a cache of documents released Wednesday by the US Marshals Service to CNN. Since early this year, the documents show, authorities reviewed allegations of Epstein's contact with minors as recently as late last year and whether he improperly failed to report his international travel to authorities. While the most significant inquiry into the now-deceased multimillionaire came from federal prosecutors in the Manhattan US Attorney's office, which charged Epstein in July, a separate investigation by the Marshals Service had led to a request for information from the countries of France, Monaco, Austria and Morocco about his travels there. And according to the documents, inquiries during that probe resulted in allegations by an air traffic controller at an airport Epstein frequented that she had seen Epstein disembark his plane on two occasions with what appeared to be underage girls as recently as November 2018.