 A clearly angry President Barack Obama on Monday used the world stage to call out Republican presidential candidates for being counterproductive, "talking as if they're tough" on ISIS and stoking fears about Muslim refugees from Syria. Speaking to the press in Turkey at the G20 Summit with world leaders, his harshest remarks were for Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, and though Obama did not name Cruz, he made it very clear he was infuriated with the GOP firebrand. "When I hear folks say that maybe we should just admit the Christians and not the Muslims (refugees), when I hear political leaders suggesting that there would be a religious test for which person who's fleeing from a war-torn country is admitted, when some of those folks themselves come from families who benefited from protection when they were fleeing political persecution, that's shameful. That's not American," Obama said, raising his voice.  President Barack Obama on Friday condemned the Paris terror attacks, calling them an "outrageous attempt to terrorize innocent civilians" and pledging the U.S. government's assistance to France. "This is an attack on all of humanity and the universal values we share," Obama said in a statement delivered in the White House Briefing Room. "We stand prepared and ready to provide whatever assistance the people of France need to respond." Obama added, "This is a heartbreaking situation, and obviously those of us here in the United States know what it's like and we've gone through these kinds of episodes ourselves." In an April 2011 interview with George Stephanopoulos, Obama said, "I think that over the last two and a half years there's been an effort to go at me in a way that is politically expedient in the short-term for Republicans, but creates, I think a problem for them when they want to actually run in a general election where most people feel pretty confident the President was born where he says he was, in Hawaii. He doesn't have horns. We may disagree with him on some issues and we may wish that you know, the unemployment rate was coming down faster and we want him to know his plan on gas prices. But we're not really worrying about conspiracy theories or ... birth certificates.