The Nippon Scout Jamboree (日本スカウトジャンボリー, Nippon Sukauto Janborī) is a Scouting Jamboree held by the Scout Association of Japan, and is the largest Scouting event in Japan. "Scout" was added to the name beginning in 2018. Jamborees are held once every four years, and are abbreviated as "NJ", or including the number of the event, as (for example) 14NJ for the 14th Nippon Jamboree. The first postwar all-Japan camp held to celebrate to reorganization of the Boy Scouts of Japan was held September 24–25, 1949 in Tokyo. Trenton is the capital city of the U.S. state of New Jersey and the county seat of Mercer County. It briefly served as the capital of the United States in 1784. The city's metropolitan area, consisting of Mercer County, is grouped with the New York Combined Statistical Area by the United States Census Bureau, but it directly borders the Philadelphia metropolitan area and was from 1990 until 2000 part of the Philadelphia Combined Statistical Area. As of the 2010 United States Census, Trenton had a population of 84,913, making it the state's tenth-most-populous municipality. NJ.com is a digital news content provider and website in New Jersey owned by Advance Publications. According to a report in The New York Times in 2012, it was the largest provider of digital news in the state at the time. In 2018, comScore reports that NJ.com has an average of 12.1 million unique monthly visitors consuming a total of 70 million pageviews per month.Content on NJ.com is provided by NJ Advance Media, a company launched in June 2014 to provide content, sales and marketing services to NJ.com and Advance's New Jersey-based newspapers, including The Star-Ledger, The Times of Trenton, The Jersey Journal, the South Jersey Times,The Hunterdon County Democrat, The Star-Gazette, The Warren Reporter, The Suburban News, Hoboken Now, Ledger Local, Ledger Somerset Observer, The Star-Gazette and The Washington Township Times. It is owned by Advance Local, an organization which operates ten local news and information sites in the United States.