 From our apartment window across the Seine, we could see the smoke rising from the Champs-Élysées, where flames of the burning barricades mingled with the fumes of the tear gas grenades. The demonstrators, wearing the trademark yellow vests that gave their movement its name -- the "gilets jaunes" -- were prying paving stones from the avenue to hurl at the riot police, clad in black from head to toe, with gas masks and tall plastic shields. Paris was burning. France was in revolt.  French Prime Minister Edouard Philippe has canceled a trip to the  COP24 global climate conference in Poland because of the riots in France, the Matignon Palace told CNN. The decision comes as the French government said it was considering "all options" to control protests against rising fuel prices that have turned violent in Paris over the last three weeks, a spokesman said Sunday. Speaking on France's Europe 1 radio, spokesman Benjamin Griveaux said the government is thinking about steps to prevent "serious outbursts of violence," including introducing a state of emergency. More than 400 people were arrested and 133 injured in Paris on Saturday in clashes between police and protesters with the "gilets jaune" or "yellow vest" movement, who are protesting rising gas prices and taxes on polluting forms of transport.  France will suspend fuel price hikes after ongoing protests turned violent over the weekend, in a major concession by President Emmanuel Macron's government. According to CNN affiliate BFMTV, Prime Minister Edouard Philippe will announce a moratorium Tuesday on fuel price hikes, which had been scheduled to come into effect on January 1. The rising cost of gasoline and diesel fuel sparked protests that have since evolved into broader demonstrations against Macron's government, exposing tensions between the metropolitan elite and rural poor. The protesters, known as the "gilets jaunes," take their name from the high-visibility yellow vests that drivers are required to keep in their vehicles for safety reasons.