 Police Chief Thomas Jackson -- a central figure in the protests that flared in Ferguson, Missouri, following the shooting of an unarmed black teen -- says he has no plans to step down despite mounting calls that he must go. Saying he "intends to see this thing through," Jackson told CNN's "Erin Burnett OutFront" on Thursday that he has been working with community leaders and others to create a dialogue in the community. "Yes, I think I can see this through and come out on the other side with the community, the region and even the country a whole lot better," he said. Jackson's statements come as the grand jury is expected any day to deliver a decision on whether to indict a white police officer in the shooting death of Michael Brown.  Ahead of a grand jury's decision on whether to indict a police officer in the killing of Michael Brown, Missouri has both called in the National Guard and diminished the role of the Ferguson Police Department. Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon declared a state of emergency Monday as a precaution, he said, in the event of unrest or violence. It's unknown when the grand jury will hand down a decision on whether to indict Ferguson Police Officer Darren Wilson for his fatal shooting of Brown, a teen.  Nervous anticipation extends far beyond the racially charged powder keg of Ferguson, Missouri, over a grand jury decision on whether to indict a white police officer for fatally shooting an unarmed black teenager. The St. Louis suburb has simmered with anger since the day in August when 18-year-old Michael Brown was shot multiple times by Officer Darren Wilson. With the grand jury expected to deliver its decision any day, people worry that tensions could boil over -- not only in Ferguson, but at demonstrations in more than 30 cities from Boston to Los Angeles organized by a group called the Ferguson National Response Network, mostly for the day after the decision is announced. While most protests in Ferguson have been peaceful, some devolved into violence, especially in the nights immediately after the shooting.