By the ninth grade, Rodger was "increasingly bullied", writing that he "cried by  at school every day". He also started an obsession with the multiplayer-online game World of Warcraft during this time, with the game dominating his life for a majority of his teenage years, and briefly during his 20s. During his time at Crespi Carmelite High, he was bullied by other students including an incident that involved his head getting taped to his desk while he was asleep. According to Rodger, in 2012, "the one friend  had in the whole world who truly understood  ... blatantly said he didn't want to be friends anymore" without offering him a reason for ending the friendship.  Donald Trump is a misogynist and his comments about fellow GOP presidential candidate Carly Fiorina's looks are "outrageous," the Democratic National Committee's chief said Thursday. Florida Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz told reporters at a Christian Science Monitor breakfast in Washington that among her many concerns about Trump is the fact that he's "doubled-down" on "misogynistic comments" that she said reveal "how he truly feels about women." "Yesterday, in an interview, he even had the nerve to make an outrageous comment about one of his fellow candidate's looks, so I'm sorry, I'm just, I'm not really willing to give Donald Trump credit for very credible, substantive beliefs," Wasserman Schultz said when asked about his actual policy proposals. She was referring to a profile of Trump published Wednesday in Rolling Stone, in which he was quoted by the magazine's reporter as saying: "Look at that face!"  Sen. Marco Rubio has a feud on his hands -- but it has nothing to do with politics. The Republican presidential hopeful and unabashed football fan ruffled some feathers with some college football trash talk, and the president of the university he dissed is fighting back. "He's a nice kid," Florida State University President John Thrasher told the Tallahasee Democrat on Tuesday. "I'm sure he's frustrated by his low standing in the polls, which I believe could be a reflection of where he got his education."