 The U.S. House on Wednesday narrowly defeated a proposal to sharply restrict the National Security Agency's phone surveillance program that was exposed by Edward Snowden. The Obama administration and House Speaker John Boehner, unlikely allies in the sharp partisan climate in Washington, joined forces to reject the limit offered as an amendment to a defense spending bill, 217-205. A coalition of libertarian, liberal and conservative lawmakers pushed for curbs on the blanket collection of those records, arguing that it was too broad and intrusive. Snowden, a former NSA contractor, revealed details of the bulk phone tracking effort and a companion e-mail collection initiative through leaks of classified information to media outlets last month.  House Speaker John Boehner on Thursday rebuked Iowa GOP colleague Rep Steve King for controversial comments on undocumented immigrants, calling the remarks "deeply offensive and wrong," and acknowledged the fallout makes it harder to reach a deal on immigration reform. King, when discussing a proposal to give citizenship to the children of undocumented workers in an interview last week with Newsmax, suggested many of them were drug smugglers. "For everyone who's a valedictorian, there's another 100 out there who weigh 130 pounds--and they've got calves the size of cantaloupes because they're hauling 75 pounds of marijuana across the desert," King asserted. Democrats immediately denounced the comments and Boehner released a written statement with similarly sharp criticism two days ago.  For the third time in two days, President Obama left Washington on Thursday to deliver the message that it's time for politicians to refocus on economic policies that help the middle class. Promising to deliver more speeches throughout the fall on issues like home ownership and education, the president criticized his opponents in congress for trying to defund his domestic priorities. "The stakes could not be higher," Obama said. "At a time when we need to make investments to create jobs, and strengthen the middle class, and grow our economy because we've got competition coming from all around the world, we've got some of the House Republicans who put forward a budget that does just the opposite."