 Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will meet with his senior staff ‪Wednesday morning to discuss the road ahead after his unceremonious firing a day earlier. But before that gathering, his deputy John Sullivan -- who will serve as acting secretary until Tillerson's successor, Mike Pompeo, is confirmed -- will hold a meeting to plan for the transition, including identifying key personnel to lead outreach to Pompeo's staff, help him prepare for his confirmation hearing and keep him abreast of what is going on at the State Department until he takes office. Sullivan met with senior staff Tuesday and told them to "continue with the mission," according to a senior official who participated in the meeting. The staff also discussed the need to help Tillerson leave in a respectful way without antagonizing the White House.  The hiring of Rex Tillerson as secretary of state was touted as both a coup and a symbol by Donald Trump. A coup in that Trump had lured the head of Exxon to run his State Department, making good on his pledge to bring the best people in the business world to Washington. A symbol in that Tillerson was an outside-the-box choice that no one saw coming -- just the sort of person (and move) Trump likes best. "He's a world-class player," Trump said of Tillerson before formally nominating him as the nation's top diplomat.  Secretary of State Rex Tillerson thanked the American people, his State Department staff and the nation's extensive network of diplomats in an at times emotional farewell statement on Tuesday. One person he did not thank: President Donald Trump, the man who nominated him for the job but abruptly told the world of his ouster in a tweet on Tuesday morning. The only mention of Trump came at the top of the statement when Tillerson mentioned that the President had called him at "a little after noontime from Air Force One" to talk about his ouster. That call came hours after Trump told the world he was replacing the former oil tycoon with CIA Director Mike Pompeo.