The origins and application of the name Oreo in itself provides insight into what Ross urges readers to understand about the main protagonist's identity. Oreo, named Christine at birth, receives her nickname from a dream her grandmother Louise had. In keeping with Ross' humor, it is the name “Oriole” that Louise hears in her dream, but due to her thick Southern accent, all of their family and friends interpret it as “Oreo.” Moreover, Oreo's “rich brown color and wide smile full of sugar white baby teeth” provides the imagery that justifies naming Christine after the cookie (39). The fact that this nickname functions within the context of the novel as one of endearment adds more dimensions to the use of “Oreo” more traditionally as a derogatory term to describe black people who engage in activities and/or behaviors that are not commonly considered “black” ("black on the outside, white on the inside" is the most common definition). Newark Park is a Grade I listed country house of Tudor origins located near the village of Ozleworth, Wotton-under-Edge, Gloucestershire. The house sits in an estate of 700 acres (2.8 km2) at the southern end of the Cotswold escarpment with views down the Severn Valley to the Severn Estuary. The house and estate have been in the care of the National Trust since 1946. Newark Park was originally a four-storey (three storeys over a basement) Tudor hunting lodge built between 1544 and 1556 for Sir Nicholas Poyntz (d.1557), whose main seat was at Acton Court near Bristol, some fifteen miles to the south, an easy day's ride. The origin of the name Oreo is unknown, but there are many hypotheses, including derivations from the French word or, meaning gold, or from an Ancient Greek root meaning mountain. Others believe that the cookie was named Oreo simply because the name was short and easy to pronounce. Another theory, proposed by food writer Stella Parks, is that the name derives from the Latin Oreodaphne, a genus of the laurel family. She observes that the original design of the Oreo includes a laurel wreath; and the names of several of Nabisco's cookies at the time of the original Oreo had botanical derivations, including Avena, Lotus, and Helicon (from Heliconia).