 Republican National Committee chairwoman Ronna McDaniel declined on Sunday to address an incendiary immigration video shared last week by President Donald Trump, instead saying that, "we know good people are trying to come into the country, too." The online video, which was tweeted by Trump last Wednesday, accuses Democrats, without evidence, of plotting to help people it depicts as Central American invaders overrun the nation with cop killers. "Listen, we know good people are trying to get into this country, too. They see the prosperity, they see the economic growth," McDaniel told CNN's Jake Tapper on "State of the Union."  Marking the breakout of peace after World War I, President Donald Trump on Sunday heard a dire warning from his host: the forces that led to the slaughter are resurgent. Trump and dozens of his global counterparts gathered at the Arc de Triomphe in central Paris to mark 100 years since the nightmares of World War I ended, a conclusion brought about partly by the entry of the United States into the bitter, nationalism-fueled conflict. But decades later, as living memories fade of the trenches and the poison gas, nationalism is on the rise. It's been fueled by Trump himself, who has proudly identified himself as a nationalist as he advances an "America First" agenda.  The Pentagon has rejected a request from the US Central Command for additional military resources in the Persian Gulf to beef up US deterrence against Tehran, according to two defense officials. The request comes at a time when there are concerns the Iranian regime could potentially lash out militarily in response to the US reimposing sanctions on the country. It also comes as Defense Secretary James Mattis and Gen. Joseph Dunford, chairman of the Joint Chief of Staff, are engaged in high-level classified discussions with senior commanders around the world about how to allocate military resources for the next two years, officials say. It's unknown publicly what exactly Gen. Joseph Votel, the four-star head of Central Command, asked for, but it's known that CENTCOM would like to see an aircraft carrier return to the Gulf in the coming months, as one has not been there since winter.