 The presidential face off on foreign policy between President Barack Obama and his Republican rival Mitt Romney was geared to sway U.S. voters, but at points on the globe that the candidates argued over -- from Libya to Pakistan to China -- netizens, analysts and activists tuned in and weighed in. China After weeks of tough talk about China, the candidates made little mention of the growing superpower. Netizens in China did not seem to take sides but instead used the debate to banter about the relationship with the United States. "Whoever the winner, they are still all scoundrels and will not benefit China in any way," a tweet by @SiShiSiNianDeSi read on China's Weibo social network.  President Obama and Mitt Romney were sharply critical of China's trade practices in their final debate while underscoring the opportunity for the U.S. in a fair partnership with Beijing. Both candidates said that China has great potential as a trading partner, but expressed worry over Beijing's actions. Obama touted the number of trade cases he has brought against China, while Romney pledged to designate the country a "currency manipulator" on his first day in office. At the same time, both also offered conciliatory language, saying that the relationship between the world's two largest economic powers could flourish if China adheres to international standards.  With time running out and the final debate next week on foreign policy, Tuesday night's showdown was the last best chance for President Barack Obama and Republican challenger Mitt Romney to win on the major issue of the campaign -- the economy. The contentious debate in New York featured pointed personal and political attacks by both men standing within arm's length of each other. Obama comes on strong, Romney stands ground in second debate Obama demonstrated two things -- he wants to keep his job and he listened to critics who panned him for being disengaged at their first debate two weeks ago. In Round Two, the president pulled few punches and attacked Romney from the start.